<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>





                         SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                               WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549
                                     FORM 10 - K

                  Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of
                         the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

     For the fiscal year ended                    Commission File No. 1-8593 
     December 31, 1994
                                  A.L. PHARMA INC.
               (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

            Delaware                            22-2095212
     (State of Incorporation)      (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

               One Executive Drive, Fort Lee, New Jersey    07024
               (Address of principal executive offices)    zip code

                                   (201) 947-7774
                 (Registrant's Telephone Number Including Area Code)

     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                                  Name of each Exchange on
           Title of each Class                        which Registered    

          Class A Common Stock,                   New York Stock Exchange
             $.20 par value
       
     Securities registered pursuant to Section 12 (g) of the Act:  None

     Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports to
     be filed by  Section 13 or  15(d) of the  Securities Exchange Act of  1934
     during the preceding  twelve months (or for  such shorter period that  the
     Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to
     such filing requirements for the past 90 days.  YES  X    NO      

     Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item
     405 of Regulation S-K is not contained herein, and will  not be contained,
     to  the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information
     statements incorporated  by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any
     amendment to this Form 10-K.  (    )  

     The aggregate  market value of the voting stock of the Registrant (Class A
     Common Stock, $.20 par value) as of March 17, 1995 was $282,810,000.

     The number of shares  outstanding of each  of the Registrant's classes  of
     common stock as of March 17, 1995 was:

              Class A Common Stock, $.20 par value - 13,387,469 shares;
              Class B Common Stock, $.20 par value -  8,226,562 shares.

                        DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

     Portions  of the  Proxy  Statement  relating  to  the  Annual  Meeting  of
     Shareholders to be held on June 7, 1995 are incorporated by reference into
     Part III  of this report.   Other documents incorporated  by reference are
     listed in the Exhibit index.<PAGE>





                                        PART I



          Item 1.   Business


          General

               A.L. Pharma Inc., formerly  called A. L. Laboratories, Inc.,
          (the "Company") is a multinational pharmaceutical company engaged
          in developing, manufacturing and marketing  specialty generic and
          proprietary  human  pharmaceuticals and  animal  health products.
          The Company  maintains dual  corporate headquarters in  Fort Lee,
          New Jersey and Oslo, Norway.

               The Company  was originally organized  in 1975 as  a wholly-
          owned  subsidiary of  Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S,  a Norwegian
          health care company established  in 1903.  In February  1984, the
          Company's  Class  A  Common Stock  was  initially  listed  on the
          American Stock Exchange through a  public offering and such stock
          is currently listed on the New York Stock Exchange.

               On October 3, 1994, the Company completed a transaction (the
          "Combination  Transaction")  in which  the  Company acquired  the
          pharmaceutical, bulk antibiotic, animal health and aquatic animal
          health businesses  of Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S (the "Related
          Norwegian  Businesses").  Immediately  following the closing, the
          Company  changed its name to  "A.L. Pharma Inc."  and its trading
          symbol on the New York Stock Exchange to "ALO". 

               In   order  to   accomplish  the   Combination  Transaction,
          Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S changed its name to A.L. Industrier
          AS  ("A.L.  Industrier")  and   demerged  the  Related  Norwegian
          Businesses  into a new  Norwegian corporation called Apothekernes
          Laboratorium  AS ("A.L. Oslo").   The  Company then  acquired the
          shares of  A.L. Oslo through  a tender  offer for   $23.6 million
          plus warrants to purchase 3,600,000 shares of the Company's Class
          A Common  Stock, par value $0.20 per share.  The warrants have an
          exercise  price  of $21.945,  generally become  exercisable after
          October 3, 1995  and expire on January 3, 1999.   The Company has
          agreed  to file,  and use  its best  efforts to  cause to  become
          effective, a  registration statement concerning the  warrants and
          the warrant  shares with  the Securities and  Exchange Commission
          ("SEC") by October 3, 1995.  In addition, the Company has  agreed
          to take all action necessary to list the warrants and the warrant
          shares for trading or quotation on a national securities exchange
          or  over-the-counter  system to  facilitate  the  trading of  the
          warrants and the warrant shares when exercisable.

               A.L. Industrier  is  the beneficial  owner  of 100%  of  the
          outstanding shares of the  Company's Class B Common Stock  and is
          able to control  the Company  through its ability  to elect  more
          than a  majority of the Board of Directors and to cast a majority
          of the  votes in any  vote of the  Company's stockholders.   A.L.

                                         -1-<PAGE>





          Industrier's  holdings  of the  Company's  Class  B Common  Stock
          account  for approximately  38.1% of  the Company's  total common
          stock outstanding at December 31, 1994.

               Subsequent to the  Combination Transaction, the Company  was
          reorganized  into   five  operating  divisions  included  in  two
          business segments, Human Pharmaceuticals  and Animal Health.  The
          Human  Pharmaceuticals   segment  consists  of   three  operating
          divisions,  U.S.  Pharmaceuticals, International  Pharmaceuticals
          and  Fine Chemicals.  The  Animal Health segment  consists of two
          operating divisions, Animal Health and Aquatic Animal Health.

               After  the closing  of  the  Combination  Transaction,  each
          division  was  required to  evaluate  its  business to  determine
          actions necessary  to maximize  the division's and  the Company's
          competitive position.  As  a result, in December 1994,  the Board
          of  Directors approved  a plan  and the  Company announced  post-
          combination management  actions  which included  exiting  certain
          businesses and product lines which did not fit into the Company's
          new strategic direction, severing  certain employees employed  in
          the businesses or product  lines to be exited or  whose positions
          had become redundant as a result of the acquisition  and the sale
          or  exiting  of  certain  support facilities  which  also  became
          redundant as a  result of the acquisition (the  "Post Combination
          Actions").  A summary of the charges resulting from these actions
          is included in Note 3 of  the Notes to the Consolidated Financial
          Statements included in Item 8 of this report.

               In 1992, the Company's wholly owned Danish subsidiary, Dumex
          Ltd,  completed  the  sale  of all  its  former  Human  Nutrition
          businesses.   Accordingly, prior  year financial  information has
          been presented  to  reflect  the  Human Nutrition  segment  as  a
          discontinued operation.

          Human Pharmaceuticals

                    U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division (the "USPD")

               The  USPD  develops,  manufactures  and   markets  specialty
          generic  human  pharmaceuticals in  the U.S.     The  division is
          managed  by a single senior  management team and  is comprised of
          four wholly-owned subsidiaries, Barre-National ,  Inc. ("Barre"),
          NMC Laboratories, Inc. ("NMC"),  Able Laboratories, Inc. ("Able")
          and ParMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.  ("ParMed").  Barre, acquired in
          October 1987, is the leading U.S. manufacturer  of liquid generic
          pharmaceutical products.   NMC,  acquired  in August  1990, is  a
          specialized  pharmaceutical manufacturer  and marketer  of creams
          and ointments for topical  use, primarily prescription  products.
          Able, acquired in October 1992, is a manufacturer and marketer of
          specialized  prescription and  over  the counter  pharmaceuticals
          with  an emphasis on suppositories and tablets.  ParMed, acquired
          in May,  1986, markets  a broad  line of generic  pharmaceuticals
          nationally under  the "ParMed"  label.   ParMed has  its products
          manufactured  by  drug  manufacturers  and   sells  primarily  to
          independent retail pharmacies utilizing advanced telemarketing
          techniques.

                                         -2-<PAGE>





               In March 1993, Barre acquired a pharmaceutical manufacturing
          facility in Lincolnton,  North Carolina ("Lincolnton"), including
          inventories, approved Abbreviated New Drug  Applications ("ANDA")
          and  other  related  assets.     The  facility  is   designed  to
          manufacture oral  liquids and topical  ointments and creams.   In
          addition, a multi-year supply agreement was signed which provides
          for  the sale of pharmaceutical products from Barre, Able and NMC
          to  the  previous  owner  of Lincolnton,  a  major  generic  drug
          distributor.    The facility was  expanded in 1994 and   the USPD
          expects future productive capacity  increases and/or the possible
          realignment of productive capacity to relocate the manufacture of
          certain products to Lincolnton.  

               During the  formation and organization  of the USPD  in late
          1993 and 1994, management took a number of consolidating actions.
          Sales   and  marketing   functions   of  all   the  manufacturing
          subsidiaries  comprising the  division were  combined to  provide
          pharmaceutical purchasers greater access to a larger portfolio of
          products.  Research  and development activities were  centralized
          in  a  modern facility  at the  Bayview  campus of  Johns Hopkins
          University  in  Baltimore,  Maryland.    In  addition,  the  USPD
          consolidated distribution from its  four manufacturing sites into
          one  165,000 square  foot  facility in  Maryland to  better serve
          customers and improve inventory management.

               Additionally, as  part of the Post  Combination Actions, the
          USPD decided to cease producing tablets at  its South Plainfield,
          New Jersey facility in 1995.

                    International Pharmaceuticals Division (the "IPD")

               The IPD develops, manufactures and markets a broad  range of
          generic and  specialty  dosage-form human  pharmaceuticals,  oral
          health care products, adhesive  bandages and surgical tapes under
          proprietary  brands primarily  in  the Nordic  and other  Western
          European countries and Indonesia.   The division is managed  by a
          single senior management team and business is primarily conducted
          through two wholly-owned subsidiaries,  Dumex Ltd. of Copenhagen,
          Denmark  ("Dumex")   and   A.L.   Oslo   and   their   respective
          subsidiaries.  

               As  part of the Post Combination Actions, the IPD decided to
          discontinue one oral health  care product produced under license,
          fully integrate the  remaining oral health care  business as part
          of the division,  and sell  unimproved land which,  prior to  the
          consummation of the Combination Transaction, was to have been the
          site of a future manufacturing plant.

                    Fine Chemicals Division (the "FCD")

               The   FCD   develops,   manufactures   and    markets   bulk
          pharmaceutical   antibiotics  to  the  pharmaceutical    industry
          worldwide.    The  products  of the  FCD  constitute  the  active
          substances  in a large  number of finished  pharmaceuticals.  The
          division  is managed  by  a  single  senior management  team  and

                                         -3-<PAGE>





          business   is  conducted   through  the   Dumex  and   A.L.  Oslo
          subsidiaries.

          Animal Health

                    Animal Health Division (the "AHD")

               The AHD  develops, manufactures  and markets  feed additives
          and animal health products for animals raised for commercial food
          production worldwide.  The  division's principal feed additive is
          the antibiotic bacitracin  methylene disalicylate sold  under the
          BMD  trademark ("BMD "), which is used to promote growth and feed
          efficiency and to prevent or treat diseases in poultry and swine.
          In  addition, as a result of the Combination Transaction, the AHD
          also  manufactures a  zinc  bacitracin based  feed additive  sold
          under the Albac  trademark ("Albac ").   Sales of the  division's
          products are  made principally  to commercial  feed manufacturers
          and swine and poultry producers through a staff of scientifically
          trained sales  and technical  service personnel. The  division is
          managed  by  a  single senior  management  team  and  business is
          primarily conducted  through the  Company, A.L. Oslo  and certain
          other subsidiaries.

               In July 1994 the  AHD acquired the Wade Jones  Company, Inc.
          ("Wade  Jones").  Wade Jones  is the major  poultry animal health
          products distributor in the U.S. and is also actively involved in
          the development, manufacture and sale of its own line of products
          including animal health pharmaceuticals and feed additives.  

               In   July  1991   the   AHD  acquired,   in  two   unrelated
          transactions,  trademarks, New Animal Drug Applications ("NADA"),
          other intangibles and inventory associated with two product lines
          of  growth  promotants and  disease preventatives,  the principal
          components  of  which  are  commonly  used    in  combination  or
          sequentially with BMD .         

                    Aquatic Animal Health Division (the "AAHD")

               The AAHD develops, manufactures and markets vaccines for use
          in  immunizing farmed  fish against  disease.   The AAHD  was the
          leading  supplier of fish vaccines to  the Norwegian fish farming
          industry in  1994.  The  division is  managed by a  single senior
          management  team and  business is  conducted through  two wholly-
          owned  subsidiaries,  A.L. Oslo  and  Biomed,  Inc. of  Bellevue,
          Washington ("Biomed") which was acquired in July 1989.

               As  part   of  the   Post  Combination  Actions,   AAHD  has
          discontinued  manufacture  and  marketing of  one  aquatic animal
          health  antibiotic product  and will  close a  current production
          facility in Tromso, Norway.

          Financial Information About Industry Segments

               The   Company's   two  business   segments  are   (1)  Human
          Pharmaceuticals  and (2)  Animal Health.   For  certain financial

                                         -4-<PAGE>





          information concerning  the Company's business segments  see Note
          20 of the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included
          in Item 8 of this Report.

          Narrative Description of Business

          Human Pharmaceuticals

               The human  pharmaceuticals segment is comprised  of three of
          the five operating divisions of the Company, namely the USPD, IPD
          and FCD.  

                    U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division

               The  USPD  develops,  manufactures  and   markets  specialty
          generic  human pharmaceuticals  in  the U.S.    The USPD  is  not
          dependent  on  a single  customer or  a  few customers.   Generic
          pharmaceuticals are  chemical equivalents of drugs  that are sold
          under established brands and that may have been subject to patent
          protection.   Although  typically less  expensive,  generic drugs
          must meet  the same  regulatory standards for  good manufacturing
          practices,  efficacy  and  safety as  the  corresponding  branded
          products.

               The generic pharmaceutical  industry is highly  competitive,
          with competition from companies specializing  in generic products
          as  well as  the branded  and generic  product operations  of the
          major  international  pharmaceutical  companies.    Consequently,
          profit margins on  generic drug  products tend to  be reduced  as
          more competitors  obtain the necessary  approvals to  manufacture
          and sell such products from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
          (the "FDA").

               In recent years generic pharmaceuticals have increased their
          market  share  in  the U.S.  relative  to  branded  drugs.   This
          increase is  due  to several  factors including:  (i) state  laws
          permitting   and/or   mandating  substitution   of   generics  by
          pharmacists;  (ii) pressure  from  managed care  and third  party
          payors to encourage cost containment by health care providers and
          consumers;  and (iii)  increased acceptance  of generic  drugs by
          physicians, pharmacists and consumers.

               Since 1989  the U.S.  pharmaceutical industry has  been, and
          continues  to be, subject to an  intense level of scrutiny by the
          FDA and by  members of Congress.  As a result of actions taken by
          the  Company  to  respond  to the  progressively  more  demanding
          regulatory environment in which it operates, the operating income
          of  the USPD's  operations  has been  negatively  affected.   The
          Company has spent, and will continue  to spend, significant funds
          and management time  on FDA  compliance matters.   In 1992  Barre
          concluded a binding  agreement in  the form of  a consent  decree
          with the FDA which  clarified Barre's regulatory obligations (the
          "Consent  Decree").   The  Consent Decree  defines the  standards
          Barre  must  achieve   in  meeting  Current  Good   Manufacturing
          Practices  ("CGMP").  In addition,  USPD's Able operation is also

                                         -5-<PAGE>





          a  party  to an  amended consent  decree  with the  FDA governing
          manufacturing  operations  in  accordance  with CGMP.    In  this
          regard,  Able  has  engaged in  extensive  regulatory  compliance
          activities  which have  included  discontinuing  certain products
          and   making  capital   expenditures  and   increasing  operating
          expenditures for quality assurance and control.  

               As described  above, the  cost of  actions, both  direct and
          indirect, taken by the Company with respect to meeting regulatory
          requirements has  negatively affected gross profit  and operating
          income.   See "Management's Discussion and  Analysis of Financial
          Condition and Results of  Operations" included in Item 7  of this
          report.   Certain  of  these higher  costs  will continue  to  be
          incurred as a  normal part of the business while  others are of a
          one-time nature.

               The Company has been impacted in previous years by delays in
          the  receipt  of  approvals  for new  products  and  supplemental
          approvals  for certain  existing  products  from  the FDA.    The
          Company cannot predict whether  future legislative or  regulatory
          developments might have an adverse effect on the Company. 

               In   April  1993,   the  USPD,   together  with   all  other
          manufacturers  and  marketers,  was   requested  by  the  FDA  to
          discontinue  marketing products  to treat  respiratory congestion
          which contain  iodinated glycerol.   During  the period  from May
          through October  1993,  the USPD  did  not ship  these  products.
          However, as  a result of the  USPD's support of   its position to
          the  FDA that these products should remain on the market and that
          the innovator company was allowed  to continue shipping, the USPD
          resumed  marketing of these products  on a limited  basis in late
          October 1993.    In  June  1994, the  innovator  company  reached
          agreement  with the  FDA for  the orderly  cessation of  sales of
          these  products.  Accordingly, the  USPD advised the  FDA in late
          July that it had ceased the manufacture and distribution of these
          products.

               In 1994, sales of  iodinated glycerol products exceeded 1993
          sales and  reflected strong market  demand (i.e. 1994  sales were
          approximately 2% of the  Company's sales).  The  prospective loss
          of  iodinated   glycerol  products  will  negatively  impact  the
          Company's  future operations.   These products were used to treat
          respiratory congestion resulting  from cough and colds.  The USPD
          has a  broad line of  cough and cold  remedies which  may provide
          alternative  therapies to  the iodinated  glycerol product  line.
          However, the Company cannot predict the extent, if any, which the
          alternative products will be substituted.

               The  USPD  markets  more  than  300  product  presentations,
          primarily  in  liquid,  cream, ointment  and  suppository  dosage
          forms.  These products  are marketed nationwide to pharmaceutical
          distributors,  merchandising chains  and  wholesalers  under  the
          "Barre" and "Barre-NMC" labels  and private labels.  Prescription
          products are  sold by a divisional  sales force. Over-the-counter


                                         -6-<PAGE>





          products  are sold by  the divisional sales  force as well  as by
          certain independent sales representatives. 

               Liquid  Pharmaceuticals:   Through its Barre  operation, the
               USPD is the  leading manufacturer of generic  pharmaceutical
               products  in liquid  form  with  approximately  190  product
               presentations.   Most of the division's  liquid products are
               manufactured  in   its  255,000  square  foot   facility  in
               Baltimore, Maryland. The  experience and technical  know-how
               of the  USPD enables it to  formulate therapeutic equivalent
               drugs in liquid forms  and to refine product characteristics
               such as taste, texture, appearance and fragrance.  

               Because  of the  importance to  the USPD  of cough  and cold
               remedies, the liquid pharmaceutical  business is seasonal in
               nature.  A higher percentage of sales are made in the winter
               months and are affected, from year to year, by the incidence
               of  colds,  respiratory   diseases  and  influenza   in  its
               geographical market.

               As  with  its  other  products, the  USPD  must  obtain  FDA
               approval for new generic  drugs it is developing.   In 1994,
               the  USPD received approval from the  FDA to manufacture and
               market Cimetidine Hydrochloride Oral Solution.  In addition,
               the  USPD  launched three  other  liquid  products in  1994:
               Clemastine   Fumarate   Syrup  and   Metaproterenol  Sulfate
               Inhalation Solution in 0.4% and 0.6% strengths.

               Creams and  Ointments:  The  USPD manufactures more  than 90
               cream and ointment  presentations for topical use.   Most of
               these  creams and  ointments are  prescription products  and
               include  antibacterial,  anti-inflammatory  and  combination
               products.  The USPD  manufactures these creams and ointments
               through its NMC operation  in Glendale, New York as  well as
               at Lincolnton,  North Carolina.   Consistent with  the other
               manufacturing facilities of USPD,  the NMC facility has also
               been affected  by increased regulatory costs  in its ongoing
               efforts to comply with the FDA's interpretation of CGMP.

               The creams  and ointments  market is highly  competitive and
               includes  a number  of  companies  with  significant  market
               share.   This market is expected to grow significantly and a
               number of  important products  will come  off patent in  the
               next few years.

               In  1994,  the  USPD received    approval  from  the FDA  to
               manufacture and market Clobetasol Propionate Cream 0.05% and
               Clobetasol Propionate Ointment 0.05%.  In addition, the USPD
               was able to expand its sales  launch of Clotrimazole Vaginal
               Cream  during 1994  after its  limited introduction  in late
               1993.

               Suppositories  and Other Specialty Generic Products:  During
               1994 and early 1995, the USPD expanded  its suppository line
               to 6  product presentations.    In addition,  the USPD  also

                                         -7-<PAGE>





               manufactures  and/or markets certain other specialty generic
               products,  including Epinephrine  Mist   and home  pregnancy
               test kits.

               In  late February 1995,   the USPD received  FDA approval to
               manufacture  and  market  three  strengths  of Acetaminophen
               Suppositories  USP, 120  mg.,  325  mg.  and  650  mg.    In
               addition,  USPD also  began  commercial  sale of  Miconazole
               Nitrate Vaginal Suppositories 200 mg. in January 1995.

               Through its ParMed operation, the USPD distributes a line of
          over    1800    generic    prescription   and    over-the-counter
          pharmaceutical product  presentations under the "ParMed" label as
          well as private labels in the  U.S.  The largest part of ParMed's
          sales are made  to independent retail pharmacists in the  U.S.  A
          substantial  majority of  ParMed's sales  are made  through  a 45
          person  telemarketing   sales  force.    ParMed's   products  are
          manufactured by drug manufacturers who package and label products
          for  ParMed.   Most  products are  available  from more  than one
          source.  ParMed also  markets USPD products bearing the  "Barre",
          "Barre-NMC" and  "Able" labels as  part of its  overall strategy.
          Due  to the fact that  ParMed does not  manufacture its products,
          ParMed may  be  affected from  time  to time  due  to recalls  of
          products by its suppliers.  

                    International Pharmaceuticals Division

                    The IPD  develops,  manufactures and  markets  a  broad
          range of generic and specialty dosage-form human pharmaceuticals,
          oral health  care products, adhesive bandages  and surgical tapes
          under  proprietary  brands  primarily  in the  Nordic  and  other
          Western European countries,  Indonesia and the Middle East.   The
          IPD  conducts its  business  primarily in  Scandinavian and  U.S.
          Dollar denominated  currencies (or currencies linked  to the U.S.
          Dollar).   

               Dosage-Form Pharmaceuticals: Substantially all of the dosage
               form pharmaceutical products sold  by the IPD in the  Nordic
               Countries,  Western   Europe  and   the   Middle  East   are
               manufactured  at  its   facilities  in   Lier,  Norway   and
               Copenhagen, Denmark,  while products  sold in Indonesia  are
               manufactured  at its  facility in  Jakarta, Indonesia.   The
               facility at Lier,  Norway was designed  with a view  towards
               meeting the  FDA's CGMP standard.   However, given  that the
               facility's current  production is not exported  to the U.S.,
               the  Company  has not  initiated  the process  to  cause the
               facility to  be in compliance with  the FDA's interpretation
               of CGMP.

               The  IPD  has  a  broad  range  of  dosage-forms,  including
               tablets,  ointments,  creams,  and  liquid   and  injectable
               preparations   for   many   different   therapies   with   a
               concentration    on     prescription    drug    antibiotics,
               analgesics/antirheumatics   and   psychotropics,   over-the-


                                         -8-<PAGE>





               counter  skin care, gastrointestinal and analgesic products.


               The principal geographical markets for the IPD's dosage-form
               pharmaceutical  products  are the  Nordic and  other Western
               European countries  as well as Indonesia  and certain Middle
               Eastern  countries.   The  IPD employs  a specialized  sales
               force  which markets  and promotes  dosage-form products  to
               doctors, hospitals,  pharmacies and  consumers.  In  each of
               its  markets, the  IPD  uses wholesalers  to distribute  its
               pharmaceutical  products.   In  Norway, all  pharmaceuticals
               have   historically   been    distributed   through    Norsk
               Medisinaldepot  ("NMD"),  the state  controlled distribution
               entity,   but   have   been   marketed   and   promoted   by
               pharmaceutical  manufacturers and suppliers  to the ultimate
               customer.   However, as a result of Norway becoming a member
               state of the  European Economic Agreement, NMD  is no longer
               entitled  to be the sole  distributor in Norway  and the IPD
               believes that  other wholesalers  may begin to  compete with
               NMD in the near future.

               The pharmaceutical business is  highly competitive, and many
               of  IPD's  competitors  are  substantially  larger  and have
               greater  financial, technical  and marketing  resources than
               the IPD.   Most of the IPD's pharmaceutical products compete
               with one or  more products of other  companies which contain
               the same active ingredient.  

               The   development,   manufacture   and  marketing   of   IPD
               pharmaceutical   products   is   subject  to   comprehensive
               government regulation  both in Norway, Denmark  and in other
               countries  where the products are manufactured and marketed.
               Government  regulation includes  detailed inspection  of and
               controls  over manufacturing  and quality  control practices
               and  procedures, requires approvals  to market  products and
               can result in the  recall of products and the  suspension of
               production.    Such   government  regulation   substantially
               increases  the cost  of  producing pharmaceutical  products.
               Regulatory   approvals   are   required   before   any   new
               prescription or over-the-counter drug can be marketed.  

               In Denmark, the IPD's pharmaceutical products  are beginning
               to  encounter price  pressures from  parallel imports  (i.e.
               imports of  competing products from  neighboring countries).
               The IPD believes that it is likely that parallel imports may
               be  a developing  trend in  other markets  in which  the IPD
               sells  its  dosage-form   pharmaceuticals.    Such  parallel
               imports  could  lead to  lower  volume  growth and  downward
               pressure on prices in certain product and market areas.

               In the Nordic countries  in recent years, there has  been an
               increase  in  volume  of sales  of  generic  pharmaceuticals
               relative  to  original pharmaceuticals.    This increase  in
               market share is primarily a result of government initiatives
               to  reduce pharmaceutical  expenses through  new regulations

                                         -9-<PAGE>





               which promoted  generic pharmaceuticals in lieu  of original
               formulations.     However,  the  increased   focus  on   the
               regulation of  pharmaceutical prices  may lead  to increased
               competition and price pressure for suppliers of all types of
               pharmaceuticals.

               The pharmaceutical  business of  the IPD also  includes oral
               health care products.   The  two  primary  oral health  care
               products  are  Elyzol   Dental  Gel  for  the  treatment  of
               periodontal disease and Flux  sodium fluoride tablets.  

               In  1994 significant  expenses continued  to be  incurred to
               build    an    administrative,    selling   and    marketing
               infrastructure for  promotion of  Elyzol Dental Gel  and for
               continuing  research  and  development  work,  including the
               preparation of a  New Drug Application  to be submitted  for
               Elyzol Dental Gel in the United States.  

               As part  of the Post Combination Actions,  the Elyzol Dental
               Gel business was administratively  combined with the IPD and
               the infrastructure  to market Elyzol Dental  Gel was subject
               to cost  reduction via  the severance of  certain employees.
               In  addition,   IPD  management  is   continuing  to   study
               alternative  marketing arrangements  for the  product.   The
               Company considers the Elyzol Dental Gel product to be in the
               developmental  phase  and    expects to  continue  to  incur
               expenses in excess of revenues during 1995.

               Adhesive Bandages  and Surgical Tapes:  The IPD, through its
               Norgesplaster  subsidiary,  manufactures adhesive  bandages,
               surgical  tapes  and  non-medical  tapes  and  is  the  only
               manufacturer of adhesive bandages  and surgical tapes in the
               Nordic  countries.  Norgesplaster's  most significant market
               is Norway, where it is the leading supplier in the industry.
               These products  are sold to consumers  and hospitals through
               pharmacies and  other retail outlets.   The IPD's production
               facility  is located  at Vennesla, Norway,  which is  320 km
               southwest of Oslo.

                    Fine Chemicals Division    

               The  FCD      develops,  manufactures   and   markets   bulk
          pharmaceutical   antibiotics   to  the   pharmaceutical  industry
          worldwide.    The  products  of the  FCD  constitute  the  active
          substances  in  a  large   number  of  finished  pharmaceuticals,
          including finished pharmaceuticals  for the treatment  of certain
          skin,  throat  and  intestinal  infections.     Bacitracin,  Zinc
          Bacitracin and  Polymyxin are  the most significant  products for
          the FCD, which  believes it is  the world's largest  manufacturer
          and supplier  of such products.   The division  also manufactures
          other antibiotics such as Vancomycin, Amphotericin B and Colistin
          for use  in specialized,  low volume  topical and surgical  human
          applications.     In  addition,  the  FCD   markets  other  well-
          established bulk antibiotics, such as Gramicidin and Tyrothricin,


                                        -10-<PAGE>





          which are  contract manufactured  for  the division  by a  Danish
          company.  

               The FCD manufactures  its products  in its  plants in  Oslo,
          Norway   and   Copenhagen,   Denmark.     Both   plants   include
          fermentation, specialized  recovery and purification equipment.  
          Both  facilities have been approved  as a manufacturer of sterile
          and non-sterile bulk  antibiotics by  the FDA and  by the  health
          authorities of  European countries.   The manufacturing  methods,
          quality control procedures and  quality assurance systems for the
          production  of   such  antibiotics   are   subject  to   periodic
          inspections by regulatory agencies.












































                                        -11-<PAGE>





          Animal Health

               Since  the  completion  of the  Combination  Transaction  on
          October 3, 1994,   the Animal Health segment is  comprised of two
          of the operating divisions of the Company, namely the AHD and the
          AAHD.

                    Animal Health Division

               The AHD  develops, manufactures  and markets  feed additives
          and animal health products for animals raised for commercial food
          production worldwide.  The  AHD's principal animal health product
          is  BMD , a  feed additive, which  is used to  promote growth and
          feed  efficiency and  prevent  or treat  diseases in  poultry and
          swine.  In addition, the AHD also manufactures and markets a feed
          additive  for poultry,  swine and  calves sold  under  the Albac 
          trademark.    Albac   is   produced  in  granulated,  powder  and
          lactodispersible  forms  and contains  a  special  grade of  zinc
          bacitracin as its active ingredient.  

               In 1991, the Company purchased two animal health lines which
          are commonly used in combination or sequentially with BMD . These
          products include 3-Nitro ,  Histostat , Zoamix , Mycostatin , and
          chlortetracycline ("CTC"), a feed grade antibiotic.  The AHD also
          manufactures and  sells Vitamin D  and other feed additives which
          are used for poultry and swine.  

               The AHD presently sells a major portion of its volume in the
          U.S.  However,  with the  opening of sales  offices in Mexico and
          Canada in 1993  and with  the international scope  of the  animal
          health business acquired in  the Combination Transaction, the AHD
          has  increased  its   manufacturing  and  marketing  capabilities
          outside the U.S.  and expects international sales to  increase in
          the future.  

               Historically,  the principal  market for  BMD  has  been the
          poultry segment of the feed additives business where it is one of
          the  leading  products.    The  AHD  continues  to  increase  its
          marketing  efforts  with respect  to  the  swine segment  of  the
          market, which is more fragmented than the poultry market.

               Effective August  1994,  the AHD  completed  a  distribution
          arrangement with Merck  AgVet, a  division of Merck  & Co.,  Inc.
          Under the agreement, the AHD will assume all sales, marketing and
          distribution functions for Merck AgVet's poultry products line in
          the  U.S.   This arrangement  affords the  AHD an  opportunity to
          further  broaden  its  product  offerings  to  the  U.S.  poultry
          industry with the  addition of the well  established Merck AgVet,
          anticoccidial products which are complementary to  the division's
          BMD  and 3-Nitro  products.  

               Sales of the AHD's  products in the U.S., Canada  and Mexico
          are   made  principally  to  commercial  feed  manufacturers  and
          integrated  swine  and  poultry  producers  through  a  staff  of
          technically trained sales and technical service personnel located

                                        -12-<PAGE>





          throughout the country.     Sales of the  AHD's products  outside
          North America  are made primarily through the use of distributors
          and sales companies.

               The  AHD  produces BMD   at  its  Chicago Heights,  Illinois
          facility,  which includes  a  modern  fermentation  and  recovery
          plant.    During recent  years,  the  Chicago Heights  facility's
          capacity has increased and  it has operated at or  near capacity.
          In  the   Combination  Transaction  the   Company  acquired   the
          technology to manufacture BMD   which it previously licensed from
          A.L. Industrier.

               The Albac  product is  manufactured at the division's Skoyen
          facility  in   Oslo,  Norway.   The  3-Nitro   product   line  is
          manufactured  in accordance with  a ten year  agreement using AHD
          technology at  an unrelated  company's facility in  Charles City,
          Iowa.  The contract  requires the AHD to purchase  minimum yearly
          quantities on a cost plus basis.  CTC is purchased primarily from
          foreign suppliers and blended domestically.

               In  July 1994,  the AHD  acquired Wade  Jones Company,  Inc.
          Wade  Jones   is  the   major  poultry  animal   health  products
          distributor  in the  U.S. and  is also  actively involved  in the
          development,  manufacture and sales  of its own  line of products
          including  animal  health  pharmaceuticals  and  feed  additives.
          Approximately two-thirds of all  products sold by the AHD  in the
          U.S. to the poultry industry are distributed by Wade Jones.

               The  animal  health  industry   is  highly  competitive  and
          includes  a large  number  of companies  with greater  financial,
          technical  and  marketing  resources  than the  Company.    These
          companies offer a wide range of products with various therapeutic
          and growth  stimulating qualities.  Competition  is also affected
          by the issuance of  regulatory approvals for similar or competing
          products  (particularly  in the  U.S.)  and  the availability  of
          generic versions of certain products.   The Company believes that
          its competitive  position in the animal health  business has been
          enhanced  because BMD   and Albac   are not absorbed  into animal
          tissues.   The  FDA  does  not  require BMD   and  Albac   to  be
          withdrawn from feed prior  to the marketing of the  food animals.
          Certain tests have also shown that BMD  and Albac  do not tend to
          produce  resistance in bacteria which is a characteristic of some
          competitive products.

                    Aquatic Animal Health Division

               The AAHD develops, manufactures and markets vaccines for use
          in  immunizing   farmed  fish  against  disease.     The  Company
          originally entered the aquaculture  business with the purchase of
          Biomed  in 1989.    This base  business  was expanded  after  the
          Combination Transaction with the  acquisition of A.L. Oslo's fish
          health  business.  Presently, the AAHD is the leading supplier of
          vaccines for farm raised  salmon in Norway, which is  the largest
          market for the farming of salmon and  other cold water species of
          fish.   In 1994, approximately  78% of the  revenues of  the AAHD

                                        -13-<PAGE>





          were generated  from the Norwegian market.   The Company believes
          that the share of sales from markets outside Norway will increase
          in  the  future as  the division  continues  to expand  its sales
          efforts internationally.   
               The  AAHD  manufactures  its  products   at  two  locations,
          Bellevue, Washington  and Tromso,  Norway.  However,  in November
          1994  the   AAHD  purchased  a  new   manufacturing  facility  in
          Overhalla, Norway  and expects to shift  all Norwegian production
          from Tromso to Overhalla by the end of 1996.

               Competition   in  the  aquatic  animal  health  industry  is
          characterized  by  relatively  few  competitors.    However,  the
          industry  is subject to rapid technological change.  As a result,
          new techniques and products  developed by competitors could cause
          the AAHD products to  become obsolete if the division  was unable
          to match technological improvements.

          Research, Product Development and Technical Activities

               Scientific development is important to each of the Company's
          business  segments.  The  Company's research, product development
          and  technical activities  in  human  pharmaceuticals within  the
          U.S.,  Norway  and  Denmark  concentrate on  the  development  of
          generic equivalents  of established  branded products as  well as
          discovering creative  uses of  existing drugs for  new treatments
          and  on  establishing the  necessary  data  to obtain  government
          approvals.   The  Company's  research,  product  development  and
          technical  activities also focus  on developing improved delivery
          systems and packaging and  manufacturing techniques.  In view  of
          the substantial funds which are generally required to develop new
          chemical  drug  entities  the  Company has  not  emphasized  such
          activities.  The  Company's technical development  activities for
          the Animal Health  segment involve extensive product  development
          and  testing for  the  primary purpose  of establishing  clinical
          support for new products and additional uses for or variations of
          existing  products   and  seeking   related  FDA   and  analogous
          governmental approvals.

               Generally, research  and  development  are  conducted  on  a
          divisional  basis.   The Company  conducts its  technical product
          development activities  at its facilities in Copenhagen, Denmark,
          Oslo,  Norway,  Baltimore,  Maryland,  Bellevue,  Washington  and
          Chicago  Heights,  Illinois,  as   well  as  through  independent
          research facilities in the U.S.

               Significant  research and  development projects  in progress
          include: A project to  conduct clinical trials as part of the new
          drug  approval process  in  the U.S.  for  Elyzol Dental  Gel,  a
          product for the  treatment of  the gum  disease periodontitis,  a
          project  to  obtain  FDA  approval  for  Albuterol  metered  dose
          inhalant products, and  a project  to obtain FDA  approval for  a
          gram  negative antibiotic  which will  be used  as  an injectable
          treatment  for  respiratory and  systemic  diseases in  broilers,
          turkeys and cattle.


                                        -14-<PAGE>





               In March 1993,  the Company committed  to provide funds  for
          research and development and  collaborate to some extent with  an
          Israeli company to develop products  based on colonic delivery of
          drugs.  In 1994 the Company fulfilled its commitment to fund such
          project by  paying a total of $3.5 million to the Israeli company
          for such research and  development.  The Company does  not intend
          to provide any additional funding for this project. 

               Research  and development expenses  were approximately $32.5
          million,  $24.0 million and $20.6 million in 1994, 1993 and 1992,
          respectively.

          Financial Information About Foreign  and Domestic Operations  and
          Export Sales

               The Company  derives a  substantial portion of  its revenues
          and  operating  income from  its  foreign  operations.   Restated
          revenues  from  foreign operations  accounted  for  38.3% of  the
          Company's revenues in 1994 compared to 40.7% in 1993 and 48.0% in
          1992.   For certain financial information  concerning foreign and
          domestic  operations see Note 20 of the Notes to the Consolidated
          Financial Statements included in  Item 8 of this Report.   Export
          sales from domestic operations were not significant.

               The  Company's  foreign operations  are  subject to  various
          risks which are not present in domestic operations, including, in
          certain   countries,   currency    exchange   fluctuations    and
          restrictions, restrictions on imports, government price controls,
          restrictions on  the level of remittance  of dividends, interest,
          royalties and other payments,  the need for governmental approval
          of new  operations, the  continuation of existing  operations and
          other corporate  actions, political instability,  the possibility
          of  expropriation and  uncertainty  as to  the enforceability  of
          commercial rights, trademarks and other proprietary rights.  

          Regulation; Proprietary Rights

               The   development,  manufacturing   and  marketing   of  the
          Company's  products  are  subject  to   comprehensive  government
          regulation both in the U.S., Norway, Denmark and other countries.
          Government  regulation   includes  detailed  inspection   of  and
          controls  over manufacturing  practices and  procedures, requires
          approvals  to market  products and  can result  in the  recall of
          products  and   suspension  of  production.     Such   government
          regulation substantially  increases the  cost of  producing human
          pharmaceutical  and  animal health  products.    FDA approval  is
          required  before  any new  prescription or  over-the-counter drug
          products or  any animal health drug  can be marketed in  the U.S.
          Analogous  governmental  and   agency  approvals  are   similarly
          required before  such products  are marketed in  other countries.
          These government  approvals are therefore very  important to both
          the Human Pharmaceuticals and Animal Health segments.

               Continuing studies of  the proper  utilization, safety,  and
          efficacy of  pharmaceuticals and  other health care  products are

                                        -15-<PAGE>





          being  conducted by  industry,  government  agencies and  others.
          Such studies, which increasingly employ sophisticated methods and
          techniques, can  call into  question the utilization,  safety and
          efficacy of previously marketed  products and in some  cases have
          resulted,  and may in the future result, in the discontinuance of
          their  marketing and, in  certain countries, give  rise to claims
          for  damages from persons who believe they have been injured as a
          result of their use.  

               The  Company's  manufacturing  operations  are  required  to
          comply  with CGMP  as interpreted  by the  FDA and,  in countries
          outside  the  U.S.,  with  similar  regulations.    This  concept
          encompasses  all  aspects  of the  production  process, including
          validation and record keeping, and involves changing and evolving
          standards.   Consequently, continuing  compliance with CGMP  is a
          particularly   difficult   and  expensive   part   of  regulatory
          compliance.

               The evolving and complex nature  of regulatory requirements,
          the  broad authority  and  discretion of  the  FDA and  analogous
          foreign agencies, and the generally increased level of regulatory
          oversight have resulted in a higher possibility that from time to
          time the Company will be adversely affected by regulatory actions
          despite  its  ongoing  efforts  and  commitment  to  achieve  and
          maintain full compliance with all regulatory requirements.

               In  many  countries  in  which the  Company  does  business,
          including some of the  Scandinavian countries, the initial prices
          of pharmaceutical  preparations for human use  are dependent upon
          governmental   approval   or    clearance   under    governmental
          reimbursement  schemes  usually  based  on  costs  or  prices  of
          comparable products  and subsequent  price increases may  also be
          regulated.  In the past three years, as part  of overall programs
          to lower health care costs, certain European governments have not
          allowed price  increases and  have introduced various  systems to
          lower  prices.  As a  result, cost increases  and/or lower prices
          due to exchange rate fluctuations have not been recovered.

          Environmental Matters

               The Company believes that  it is substantially in compliance
          with all presently applicable federal, state and local provisions
          regulating the  discharge of  materials into the  environment, or
          otherwise  relating to  the protection  of the  environment.   No
          material capital expenditures are expected to be made in 1995 for
          environmental control facilities.

          Employees

               As of December 31, 1994, the Company had approximately 2,819
          employees, including 1,425 in  the U.S. and 1,394 outside  of the
          United States.
           

          Item 1A.  Executive Officers of the Registrant

                                        -16-<PAGE>





               The following is a  list of the names and ages of all of the
          Company's corporate  officers and certain officers of each of the
          Company's principal operating units, indicating all positions and
          offices with the  Registrant held  by each such  person and  each
          such person's principal occupations or employment during the past
          five years.  

               Each of the Company's corporate officers has been elected to
          the  indicated office or offices  of the Registrant,  to serve as
          such until the next annual election of officers of the Registrant
          (expected  to  occur June  7, 1995)  and  until his  successor is
          elected, or until his earlier death, resignation or removal.

          Name and Position                  Principal Business Experience
          with the Company            Age    During the Past Five Years

          E.W. Sissener               66     Chief Executive Officer since
          Chairman, Director and             June 1994.  Member of the
          Chief Executive Officer            Office of the Chief Executive
                                             of the Company July 1991 - May
                                             1994.  Chairman of the Company
                                             since 1975.  President of
                                             Apothekernes Laboratorium AS
                                             since October 1994.  President
                                             of A.L. Industrier AS from
                                             1972-1994.  Chairman of A.L.
                                             Industrier AS since November
                                             1994.

          Jeffrey E. Smith            47     Vice President and Chief
          Vice President, Finance            Financial Officer since May
          and Chief Financial                1994.  Executive Vice
          Officer                            President and Member of the
                                             Office of the Chief Executive
                                             July 1991 - May 1994.  Vice
                                             President, Finance of the
                                             Company from November 1984 to
                                             July 1991.

          Beth P. Hecht               31     Corporate Counsel of the
          Secretary and Corporate            Company since June 1993;
          Counsel                            Secretary of the Company since
                                             November 1993; Attorney with
                                             the law firm of Kirkland &
                                             Ellis 1990-1993; Attorney with
                                             the law firm of Willkie, Farr
                                             & Gallagher 1988-1990.

          Albert N. Marchio, II       42     Treasurer of the Company since
          Treasurer                          May 1992; Treasurer of Laura
                                             Ashley, Inc. 1990-1992,
                                             Director of Taxes of Laura
                                             Ashley, Inc. 1986-1990



                                        -17-<PAGE>





          David E. Cohen              40     President of the Company's
          Vice President and                 Animal Health Division since
          President, Animal                  October 1994; President,
          Health Division                    Animal Health Division of
                                             A. L. Laboratories, Inc. since
                                             September 1988.

          George S. Barrett           39     President of the Company's
          Vice President and                 U.S. Pharmaceutical Division
          President, U.S.                    since 1993; President of
          Pharmaceuticals                    Barre-National since August
          Division                           1991; President of NMC since
                                             August 1990; Vice President,
                                             Operations of NMC, 1984 to
                                             August 1990.

          Thor Kristiansen            51     President of the Company's
          Vice President and                 Fine Chemicals Division since
          President, Fine                    October 1994; President,
          Chemicals Division                 Biotechnical Division of
                                             Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S
                                             1986 to 1994.

          Knut Moksnes                44     President of the Company's
          Vice President and                 Aquatic Animal Health Division
          President, Aquatic                 since October 1994; Managing
          Animal Health Division             Director, Fish Health Division
                                             of Apothekernes Laboratorium
                                             A.S 1991 to 1994.

          Ingrid Wiik                 50     President of the Company's
          Vice President and                 International Pharmaceuticals
          President,                         Division since October 1994;
          International                      President, Pharmaceutical
          Pharmaceuticals                    Division of Apothekernes
          Division                           Laboratorium A.S 1986 to 1994.

                                      


















                                        -18-<PAGE>





          Item 2.   Properties

               The Company's principal production and technical development
          facilities are located in the United  States, Denmark, Norway and
          Indonesia.    The  Company  also  owns  or  leases   offices  and
          warehouses  in the  United States,  Sweden, Holland,  Finland and
          elsewhere.
                                              FACILITY
                                      LAND      SIZE
           LOCATION        TITLE     (acres)    (sq.   USE
                                                ft.)

           Fort Lee, NJ    Leased         --    48,000 Office - dual
                                                       corporate office
                                                       and AHD
                                                       Headquarters
           Skoyen, Norway  Leased         --   204,400 Manufacturing of
                                                       AHD and FC
                                                       products, dual
                                                       corporate office
                                                       and headquarters
                                                       for IDP, FC and
                                                       AAHD.

           Chicago         Owned          20   195,000 Manufacturing,
           Heights, IL                                 warehouse, R&D and
                                                       offices - AHD

           Bellevue, WA    Leased         --    20,000 Manufacturing,
                                                       warehouse,
                                                       laboratory and
                                                       offices - Biomed
                                                       (AAHD)
           Baltimore, MD   Owned          19   255,000 Manufacturing,
                                                       warehouse, and
                                                       offices - Barre-
                                                       National, Inc., and
                                                       USPD headquarters.

           Baltimore, MD   Leased         --    18,000 Research and
                                                       Development - USPD
           Columbia, MD    Leased         --   165,000 Central
                                                       Distribution Center
                                                       - USPD

           Lincolnton, NC  Owned          13   138,000 Manufacturing,
                                                       warehouse, and
                                                       offices - Barre-
                                                       National,
                                                       Inc.(USPD)






                                        -19-<PAGE>





           Glendale, NY    Leased         --    78,000 Manufacturing,
                                                       warehouse, and
                                                       offices -
                                                       NMC Laboratories,
                                                       Inc. (USPD) 

           Lowell, AK      Leased         --    68,000 Manufacturing,
                                                       warehouse and
                                                       offices - the Wade
                                                       Jones Company (AHD)
           Niagara Falls,  Owned          2     30,000 Warehouse and
           NY                                          offices - ParMed
                                                       (USPD) 

           South           Leased         --    60,000 Manufacturing,
           Plainfield, NJ                              warehouse, and
                                                       offices - Able
                                                       Laboratories, Inc.
                                                       (USPD)

           Lier, Norway    Owned          23   118,400 Manufacturing of
                                                       IPD products,
                                                       warehousing and
                                                       offices
           Overhalla,      Owned           1    12,900 Manufacturing of
           Norway                                      vaccines,
                                                       warehousing and
                                                       offices (AAHD).

           Tromso, Norway  Leased               10,600 Manufacturing of
                                                       fish vaccines,
                                                       warehousing and
                                                       offices (AAHD).
           Vennesla,       Owned           4    81,300 Manufacturing of
           Norway                                      adhesive bandages
                                                       and surgical tapes,
                                                       warehousing and
                                                       offices -
                                                       Norgesplaster
                                                       (IPD).

           Copenhagen,     Owned          10   425,000 Manufacturing,
           Denmark                                     warehouse, R&D and
                                                       offices - Dumex
                                                       (IPD & FCD)

           Jakarta,        Owned           5    80,000 Manufacturing,
           Indonesia       building                    warehouse, R&D and
                           leased                      offices - P. T.
                           land                        Dumex (IPD)

               The Company believes that its principal facilities described
          above are generally in good repair and condition and adequate and
          suitable for the products they produce.  


                                        -20-<PAGE>





























































                                        -21-<PAGE>





          Item 3.   Legal Proceedings

               On  September 13,  1982,  the Company  filed  at the  FDA  a
          "Citizen Petition"  requesting the FDA to  reconsider and rescind
          its approval of a  new animal drug application ("NADA")  filed by
          Philips Roxane,  Inc.("PRI") for  the use of  Bacitracin Zinc  in
          animal  feeds for growth promotion.   PRI is  now a subsidiary of
          Boehringer  Ingleheim Animal  Health Inc.   The  Citizen Petition
          contended that FDA's approval was invalid and improper in several
          respects, including improper reliance  on confidential data which
          was  proprietary to the Company and inadequate evidence by PRI of
          safety and efficacy.   FDA denied the Citizen  Petition on May 9,
          1984 and the Company filed  an action for judicial review  in the
          United States  District Court for  the District of  Columbia (the
          "Action")  seeking to have  FDA's denial of  the Citizen Petition
          set  aside.    Subsequent  administrative  proceedings  based  on
          further alleged irregularities in FDA's continued approval of the
          PRI  NADA  also  resulted  in FDA  decisions  denying  the relief
          sought.  The  complaint in  the Action was  amended to  challenge
          FDA's  decisions on  those subsequent  proceedings.   The parties
          filed cross-motions  for summary judgement and  the U.S. District
          Court granted FDA's motion  for summary judgement to  dismiss the
          Action.  The Company has appealed this decision to the U.S. Court
          of  Appeals for  the District of  Columbia.  The  matter has been
          briefed and is scheduled to be argued in late March 1995.

               From  time to time the  Company is involved  in certain non-
          material litigation  which is  ordinarily found in  businesses of
          this type,  including product liability, contract  and employment
          matters.
            
          Item 4.    Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders


               Not applicable.





















                                        -22-<PAGE>






                                       PART II

          Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
                    Stockholder Matters

          Market Information

               The Company's Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York
          Stock Exchange.   Information concerning the 1994  and 1993 sales
          prices of the Company's Class A Common Stock are set forth in the
          table below.  


                                        Stock Trading Price
                                    1994                     1993     
               Quarter         High      Low            High       Low 

               First          $16.88    $14.00         $27.25    $20.00
               Second         $16.25    $13.00         $29.38    $20.00
               Third          $17.25    $12.63         $27.50    $13.75
               Fourth         $20.63    $15.63         $18.75    $12.75

               As  of December  31, 1994  and March  8, 1995  the Company's
          stock closing price was $20.25 and $20.75, respectively.

          Holders

               As  of February 28, 1995, there were 1,181 holders of record
          of  the Company's Class A  Common Stock and  A.L. Industrier held
          all of the Company's Class B Common Stock.  Record holders of the
          Class A Common Stock include Cede &  Co., a clearing agency which
          held       94.6% of  the outstanding Class  A Common  Stock as  a
          nominee.


          Dividends

               The   Company  has   declared  consecutive   quarterly  cash
          dividends  on its Class A  and Class B  Common Stock beginning in
          the third  quarter of  1984.    Quarterly dividends per  share in
          1994 and 1993 were as follows:


                         Quarter        Dividend per common share
                                              1994     1993

                         First               $.045     $.045 
                         Second              $.045     $.045
                         Third               $.045     $.045 
                         Fourth              $.045     $.045 





                                        -23-<PAGE>


          Item 6.   Selected Financial Data

               The  following is a  summary of selected  financial data for
          the  Company and  its subsidiaries. All  financial data  has been
          restated to reflect the  combination with A.L. Oslo as  a pooling
          of interests.  The data for each of the three years in the period
          ended  December 31,  1994 have  been derived  from, and  all data
          should  be read  in  conjunction with,  the audited  consolidated
          financial statements of the  Company, included in Item 8  of this
          Report.  All amounts are in thousands, except per share data.

                                         Years Ended December 31,           
     Income Statement Data (1)   1994(3)    1993      1992      1991      1990

     Total revenue            $469,263  $402,675  $358,632  $301,814  $289,424 
     Cost of sales             275,543   233,423   194,665   162,523   151,037

       Gross profit            193,720   169,252   163,967   139,291   138,387

     Selling, general and
      administrative
      expenses                 177,742   139,038   128,658   122,175   101,547

      Operating income          15,978    30,214    35,309    17,116    36,840

     Interest expense          (15,355)  (14,996)  (18,534)  (15,070)  (13,348)
     Other income, net           1,113     1,880     3,937     5,961     2,128

      Income from continuing           
       operations before 
       taxes                     1,736    17,098    20,712     8,007    25,620

     Provision for taxes         3,439     6,969     7,161     3,389     9,629

      Income (loss) from 
       continuing operations  $ (1,703) $ 10,129  $ 13,551  $  4,618  $ 15,991

      Net income (loss)(2)     $ (2,386) $ 10,129  $ 20,974  $  9,120  $ 16,874

     Average number of 
      shares outstanding: 
        Primary                 21,568    21,510    18,264    16,904    16,788
        Fully Diluted           21,666    21,581    21,568    21,611    21,434

     Earnings per share: 
      Fully diluted
       Income (loss) from
        continuing operations $   (.08) $    .47  $    .74  $    .27  $    .89
       Net income (loss)      $   (.11) $    .47  $   1.09  $    .54  $    .93

     (1)  Includes results of operations  from date of acquisition of  the Wade
          Jones  Company (July  1994),  the Lincolnton  facility (March  1993),
          Norgesplaster A/S  (January 1993),  Able Laboratories,  Inc. (October
          1992) and  NMC  Laboratories,  Inc.  (August  1990).    Reflects  the
          adoption  of Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 109 and
          No. 106 effective January 1, 1992 and January 1, 1993, respectively.
     (2)  Net   income  includes:  1994   -  extraordinary   item  -   loss  on
          extinguishment of debt ($683);  1992 - cumulative effect of  a change

                                        -24-<PAGE>


          in accounting for income taxes - $2,614; 1992, 1991 and 1990 - Income
          from discontinued Human Nutrition Segment  - $4,809, $4,502 and $883,
          respectively.
     (3)  1994 includes transaction costs relating to the combination with A.L.
          Oslo and post-combination actions which are included in cost of goods
          sold  ($450)  and  selling,  general  and  administrative  ($24,200).
          Amount net after tax of approximately $17,400.


                                             As of December 31,                

     Balance Sheet Data (1)     1994       1993      1992      1991      1990

     Current assets          $250,499   $202,913  $178,283  $187,416  $178,792

     Non-current assets       341,819    324,704   302,730   301,140   232,199 

          Total assets       $592,318   $527,617  $481,013  $488,556  $410,991

     Current liabilities     $154,650   $139,205  $107,015  $125,697  $112,138

     Long-term debt,
       less current
       maturities             220,036    144,350   133,701   196,103   142,476

     Deferred taxes and
       other non-current
       liabilities             36,344     40,129    33,454    28,449    26,129

     Stockholders' equity(2)   181,288    203,933   206,843   138,307   130,248

       Total liabilities
       and equity            $592,318   $527,617  $481,013  $488,556  $410,991



     (1)  Includes  accounts from date of acquisition of the Wade Jones Company
          (July 1994), the Lincolnton  facility (March 1993), Norgesplaster A/S
          (January  1993),  Able  Laboratories,  Inc. (October  1992)  and  NMC
          Laboratories,  Inc.   (August  1990)   and  the  conversion   of  the
          Convertible Subordinated Debentures in 1992.
     (2)  1994 reflects acquisition of A.L. Oslo accounted for as a  pooling of
          interests  with  cash  purchase  price  deducted  from  stockholders'
          equity.















                                        -25-<PAGE>





          Item 7.   Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis   of  Financial
                    Condition and Results of Operations

          1994 Compared to 1993

          General

               1994 was a  year of significant change for the Company.  The
          following  major  events  occurred  and  had  an  effect  on  the
          Company's operations and financial position.

               -  The  Company  acquired  the  related  Norwegian   Human
                  Pharmaceutical  and  Animal  Health  businesses  ("A.L.
                  Oslo")  of   its  controlling  shareholder   for  $23.6
                  million and warrants to purchase  3.6 million shares of
                  the Company's  Class A Common  Stock.  The  combination
                  was accounted for in a  manner similar to a  pooling of
                  interests   since  the  companies   were  under  common
                  control.  All prior financial statements  were restated
                  to include  A.L.  Oslo  and  the  following  discussion
                  reflects such restatement.

               -  The Company  changed its name  from A. L. Laboratories,
                  Inc. to A.L.  Pharma Inc. and reorganized  its business
                  into  two main  segments.    The Human  Pharmaceuticals
                  Segment     which    includes     the     International
                  Pharmaceuticals    Division    ("IPD"),     the    U.S.
                  Pharmaceuticals   Division   ("USPD")   and  the   Fine
                  Chemicals  Division  ("FCD"),  and  the  Animal  Health
                  Segment  which  includes  the  Animal  Health  Division
                  ("AHD") (both  U.S. and International) and  the Aquatic
                  Animal Health Division ("AAHD").

               -  The Company incurred significant charges as follows:

                  - Direct   transaction   expenses   relating   to   the
                    acquisition of A.L.  Oslo including special committee
                    fees,   investment  banking,  legal,  accounting  and
                    other expenses - $2.9 million after tax.

                  - Post-combination  management actions  which  resulted
                    in  charges   for  severance,   exiting  of   certain
                    businesses  and  product   lines  and  other  related
                    actions - $14.5 million after tax.

               -  The Company obtained  a $185.0 million  credit facility
                  to purchase A.L.  Oslo, refinance a significant  amount
                  of existing  long and short  term debt and for  general
                  corporate  purposes.  The  refinancing of existing debt
                  resulted in an  extraordinary item  for a loss  on debt
                  extinguishment of $.7 million after tax.

          Results of Operations



                                        -26-<PAGE>





               Total revenue  increased to $469.3 million  in 1994 compared
          to  $402.7 million  in  1993 while  operating  income and  income
          before extraordinary  item and taxes decreased  substantially due
          to  the above described transaction expenses and post-combination
          expenses.    As  a   result,  the  Company  had  a   loss  before
          extraordinary  item of $1.7 million ($.08 loss per share) in 1994
          compared to income of $10.1 million ($.47 per share) in 1993.

               Revenue in  the Human Pharmaceuticals  Segment accounted for
          $44.4  million of  the consolidated revenue  increase.   The USPD
          accounted  for a major portion  of the increase  due primarily to
          volume  increases  achieved in  its  liquids  (including products
          containing  iodinated  glycerol),   creams  and  ointments,   and
          suppository product  lines.  The  volume increase  was fueled  by
          products  introduced   in  late   1993,  (Epinephrine   Mist  and
          Clotrimazole cream)  and products introduced  in 1994 (Cimetidine
          liquid, Clobetasol  cream and ointment,  Miconazole suppositories
          and  Clemastine liquid).  On an overall basis price increases for
          certain products offset and  slightly exceeded price declines for
          other products caused by competitive pressures.

               IPD including oral health care also  accounted for a portion
          of the  revenue  increase  due  primarily to  volume,  and  where
          permitted  by local  conditions selected  price increases.   Oral
          health care revenues  increased by $2.9  million and the  related
          operating loss  declined due to continued  penetration in markets
          where  approval  has  been  received,  especially  Sweden.    FCD
          revenues improved  by approximately  10% due to  volume increases
          for Bacitracin, Vancomycin and  Amphotericin B and selected price
          increases for Polymyxin and Bacitracin.

               Animal  Health  Segment   revenue  increased  $22.3  million
          primarily  due to the acquisition  of Wade Jones  Company in July
          1994, higher volume  sales of BMD  and international and domestic
          sales of  disease preventative products used  in poultry markets.
          In addition, sales volume of fish vaccines, primarily for salmon,
          increased approximately 10% compared to 1993.

               On a consolidated basis gross profit increased $24.5 million
          while the gross margin  percentage declined marginally from 42.0%
          to 41.3% in 1994.

               Gross profit  dollars in  the Human  Pharmaceuticals Segment
          increased at a  rate consistent  with the sales  increase as  the
          aggregate gross  profit percentage improved slightly  compared to
          1993.   The U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division increased significantly
          in dollars  and marginally in  percent as overall  product volume
          increases and  higher value  added new products  offset continued
          high   production  and  operating   costs  incurred  to  maintain
          compliance with "Current  Good Manufacturing Practices" ("CGMP").
          International  Pharmaceuticals  and   Fine  Chemicals   generally
          maintained gross margins in line with revenue increases.

               Gross profit dollars in  the Animal Health Segment increased
          at  a rate  less  than the  sales  increase as  the gross  margin

                                        -27-<PAGE>





          percent declined  slightly.   The  gross margin  percent for  the
          Animal  Health  Division  declined  mainly  due  to   competitive
          pressure on BMD  prices  and due to the  acquisition of the  Wade
          Jones Company, a  distributor to  the poultry  market, and  sales
          made pursuant  to a distribution  agreement with Merck  AgVet for
          poultry products.   The gross profits earned in  the distribution
          business  are generally lower  than manufacturing  gross profits.
          Gross profits earned by  the Aquatic Animal Health Division  as a
          percentage of sales were generally maintained as sales increased.

               Operating expenses on  a consolidated basis  increased $38.7
          million compared  to 1993.   Included  in operating  expenses are
          $24.2 of expenses for  transaction costs and for post-combination
          actions by management relating to the combination with A.L. Oslo.

               If   the  transaction  and  post-combination  expenses  were
          excluded  the operating  expense  increase was  $14.5 million  or
          10.4% compared to a 16.5% revenue increase.

               Operating  expenses,  not  including transaction  and  post-
          combination  expenses,  in  the  Human   Pharmaceuticals  Segment
          increased  due to  variable  selling expenses  related to  volume
          increases,  additional  research  and  development  expenses  for
          planned  projects in  process, and  additional costs  incurred in
          USPD  in  setting up  a  Central  Distribution  Center  in  1994.
          Operating  expenses,  excluding transaction  and post-combination
          expenses, for  the  Animal Health  Segment increased  due to  the
          acquisition  of Wade  Jones in July  1994, increases  in variable
          selling  expenses  and  increases  in  research  and  development
          expenses.

               Including transaction and  post-combination costs  operating
          income was $16.0  million in  1994 compared to  $30.2 million  in
          1993.   By segment operating  income was impacted  as follows (in
          millions):

                                       Human       Animal
                                   Pharmaceuticals Health
                                       Segment     Segment  Unallocated  Total

          Operating income (loss)
            as reported               $(3.8)       $28.5      $(8.7)     $16.0

          Transaction costs and 
            post-combination 
            actions                   $19.0        $ 2.0      $ 3.7      $24.7

          Operating income (loss)
            excluding transaction  
            costs and post-combination
            actions  - 1994           $15.2        $30.5      $(5.0)     $40.7

          Operating income (loss) - 
            1993                      $ 8.6        $28.8      $(7.2)     $30.2


                                        -28-<PAGE>





               Post-combination  charges  reflect the  following management
          actions for the Human Pharmaceuticals Segment:  severance of $2.9
          million for employees eliminated  due to redundancy, $8.8 million
          (including  the write off of $5.8 million of intangibles) for the
          exit of  the  USPD from  the tablet  business in  the U.S.,  $3.4
          million  for a  write off of  an intangible  relating to  an oral
          health care product which will no longer be marketed, $.9 million
          for the  write down to  fair market value  of land which  will be
          held  for  sale,  $2.5  million for  an  accelerated  payment for
          contractually committed  research and  development relating  to a
          project which  will no longer  be funded by  the Company  and $.5
          million  for  closing  sales  offices and  eliminating  duplicate
          distributors and other.

               Post-combination  management actions  for the  Animal Health
          Segment  relate to Aquatic Animal  Health and include the exiting
          of an  antibiotic product and  related equipment of  $1.7 million
          and severance of $.3 million.

               Unallocated expenses relate primarily to Corporate functions
          and include severance for redundant  personnel of $.6 million and
          $3.1  million  for  transaction  expenses  primarily  for  legal,
          accounting and  investment banking  services incurred in  1994 to
          complete  the combination.    1993  unallocated expenses  include
          approximately $1.0 million for pre-combination transaction costs.

               The  transaction  costs  and  charges  for  post-combination
          management actions, a  majority of  which did not  use cash,  are
          anticipated to  lower future  expenses (i.e.  eliminate redundant
          employees, distributors,  etc.) and allow management  to focus on
          its  core businesses  (i.e.  eliminate U.S.  tablet business  and
          other  minor products and exit non  core research and development
          projects).  The Company has provided for the exiting  of the U.S.
          tablet business by  the most probable exit plan  (i.e. sale).  If
          the exit by  sale is  not achieved an  adjustment for  additional
          future costs could be required in 1995.

               Interest  expense increased  $.4  million in  1994 to  $15.4
          million  due  primarily  to  additional  debt  incurred  for  the
          acquisition of A.L.  Oslo and capital  expenditures in the  U.S.,
          and  higher U.S.  interest  rates in  the  latter part  of  1994.
          Partially   offsetting  domestic  increases   was  lower  foreign
          interest  expense due primarily to  lower rates relative to 1993.
          As  required the  Company  restated the  prior  years results  of
          operations  to reflect the acquisition  of A.L. Oslo  in a manner
          similar  to a pooling of interests.  Previous restated periods do
          not include the interest  expense on the purchase price  of $23.6
          million  which  would  have  been incurred  had  the  acquisition
          actually taken place in prior periods.  Assuming an interest rate
          of  7%,  interest  expense for  1994  and  1993  would have  been
          approximately $1.2 million and $1.7 million higher, respectively.

               The  provision for  income  taxes in  1994 exceeded  pre-tax
          income  compared to a more representative 40.8% tax rate in 1993.
          The disproportionate  relationship is  the result of  low pre-tax

                                        -29-<PAGE>





          income  (due  to  the   transaction  costs  and  post-combination
          actions) which  magnifies the effect  of non-deductible  expenses
          principally goodwill amortization and portions of the transaction
          costs capitalized for tax purposes.

               Results for 1994 include an extraordinary item for a loss on
          extinguishment  of debt.  The  loss of $.7  million ($1.1 million
          less a tax  benefit of $.4 million) results from the expensing of
          debt issuance costs related to the previously  existing debt when
          the  Company refinanced  such debt with  a $185.0  million credit
          agreement.

          1993 Compared to 1992

          General

               The discussion  which follows analyzes operating  results by
          segment for  1993 and 1992 as restated in the manner in which the
          businesses were managed (i.e. as legal entities not as  operating
          divisions which were set up in 1994).

          Results of Operations

               Revenue  increased $44.0  million, (12.3%),  while operating
          income, income from continuing operations and net income declined
          in the year ended December 31,  1993.  Fully diluted earnings per
          share from continuing operations were  $0.47 in 1993 compared  to
          $0.74 in 1992.   Discontinued operations  in 1992 include  income
          from  the Human  Nutrition business  which was sold  in September
          1992.

               Revenue in the Human Pharmaceuticals Segment increased $31.2
          million.  Barre  National ("Barre")  achieved significant  volume
          increases in most major product lines which were partially offset
          by  lower pricing due to  competitive pressures.   ParMed and NMC
          Laboratories ("NMC")  also had sales increases  primarily related
          to volume.  Included in the volume increases were sales in excess
          of  $2.5 million  for  new products  including Epinephrine  Mist,
          Loperamide liquid  and Clotrimazole cream.   In addition, revenue
          increased from the inclusion  of Able Laboratories, Inc. ("Able")
          acquired in October 1992, and sales related to  the manufacturing
          facility in  Lincolnton,  NC ("Lincolnton")  purchased  in  March
          1993.
             
               Revenue decreased  at Dumex Ltd. ("Dumex")  due primarily to
          devaluations  of Scandinavian  currencies relative to  the Danish
          Krone("DKK"), the translation  effect of  lower average  exchange
          rates  in  1993 versus  the U.S.  Dollar,  lower exports  to non-
          European  markets, and  price declines  and controls  mandated by
          certain Scandinavian and other European governments.

               Revenues increased at  A.L. Oslo due  to the acquisition  of
          the remaining 50%  of Norgesplaster  A/S on January  1, 1993  and
          increased  sales  due  to  both  price  and volume  increases  of
          pharmaceutical  grade  bacitracin  and  other  bulk  antibiotics.

                                        -30-<PAGE>





          Norgesplaster,  previously accounted  for  on  the equity  basis,
          became a consolidated subsidiary  on January 1, 1993.   Partially
          offsetting the increases were  lower Scandinavian revenues due to
          devaluations of the Swedish  Kroner and the Finnish Mark  in 1993
          and the  translation effect of  lower average  exchange rates  in
          1993 versus the U.S. Dollar. 

               Revenue  in the  Animal  Health  business ("Animal  Health")
          increased $14.4 million.  North  American sales of the  Company's
          BMD  antibiotic  in both the poultry and  swine markets increased
          due  primarily to volume.   Product lines used  in combination or
          sequentially with BMD  including  3-Nitro  and CTC also increased
          sales  due mainly to volume.  Internationally BMD , Albac  and 3-
          Nitro  sales  increased primarily due to  volume. Contributing to
          the segment's  increase was  the Aquatic Animal  Health Division,
          which  had significant  gains in  the sale  of vaccines  for farm
          raised salmon.

               On a consolidated basis, gross profit increased $5.3 million
          while  the gross profit percentage declined from 45.7% in 1992 to
          42.0% in 1993.

               The  decline  in gross  profit  percentage  resulted from  a
          number of  factors in  the Human Pharmaceuticals  Segment.   A.L.
          Oslo gross margins  improved in  dollars and percent  due to  the
          acquisition  of  Norgesplaster  in  January  1993,  manufacturing
          efficiencies and  increased sales of higher  margin fine chemical
          products.  Dumex  gross margins declined  in percent and  dollars
          due to lower revenues resulting from devaluations of Scandinavian
          currencies other than  the DKK, lower sales  prices and increased
          manufacturing costs in 1993.  

               The  U.S. Pharmaceuticals  gross margin  percentage declined
          due to  the negative  impact of  price reductions, and  continued
          higher  production  and  operating  costs  incurred  to  maintain
          regulatory  compliance with  CGMP.   In particular,  gross margin
          percentages were lower at Able due to increased costs incurred in
          connection with intensive regulatory  compliance activities.  The
          percentage  reductions were  somewhat  offset by  the benefit  of
          higher volume in the U.S.  

               The   decline  in   gross  profit   dollars  in   the  Human
          Pharmaceuticals Segment was more than offset by the Animal Health
          segment  which had  increased sales  volume and  maintained gross
          margins in its operating units.

               Consolidated  operating  expenses  increased 8.1%  or  $10.4
          million  compared to  a  12.3% revenue  increase.   The  increase
          reflects higher  selling expense related to  volume increases and
          higher   research   and   development   expense.      The   Human
          Pharmaceuticals Segment  had increased operating  expenses due to
          the inclusion of  Able and Norgesplaster  and the acquisition  of
          the Lincolnton facility, and continued expenses incurred to build
          an  oral health care  ("OHC") infrastructure.   In addition, 1993


                                        -31-<PAGE>





          and 1992  include expenses  related  to settlement  of the  class
          action litigation and the combination study with A. L. Oslo.

               Operating income  decreased on a consolidated  basis by $5.1
          million as a result of a $9.4 million  reduction in the operating
          income  for the Human Pharmaceuticals Segment which was offset in
          part by a  $6.7 million  increase in operating  profit in  Animal
          Health.  The lower operating  income in the Human Pharmaceuticals
          Segment  results  primarily  from  the decline  in  gross  profit
          margins and  dollars due to lower pricing,  currency effects, and
          higher   manufacturing   costs   primarily  due   to   regulatory
          compliance, and  the loss incurred  by the newly  established OHC
          business. 

               In  1993  OHC   sales  were  less  than  $1.0   million  and
          significant expenses  were incurred to  build an  administrative,
          selling and  marketing infrastructure, for promotion  of products
          when approved  and for continuing research  and development work,
          including the  preparation of a New Drug  Application ("NDA") for
          Elyzol  Dental Gel to be filed in the United States.  

               Interest  expense  decreased  by  $3.5 million  due  to  the
          redemption of the convertible subordinated debentures in  October
          1992  and lower interest rates in 1993.  Additional debt incurred
          to fund the acquisitions and additional working capital partially
          offset the decrease.

               Other income (expense), net was $1.9 million income in  1993
          compared to $3.9  million income  in 1992 due  mainly to  foreign
          exchange transaction gains recorded by A.L. Oslo of $3.3 million.
          Such   gains  resulted   primarily   from   the  termination   of
          transactions  which effectively  denominated A.L. Oslo s  debt in
          U.S.  Dollars at a time  when the Norwegian  Kroner exchange rate
          was strong vis a vis the U.S. Dollar.  These gains were offset in
          part by foreign exchange transaction  losses incurred as a result
          of the devaluation of Scandinavian currencies other than the DKK.


               The Company's effective  tax rate for  continuing operations
          increased to  40.8% from 34.6%  in 1992.   Income taxes for  1992
          were   lowered  by   approximately  $1.0   million  due   to  the
          remeasurement of deferred  taxes in Denmark due to  the enactment
          of  lower tax rates in the second  quarter of 1992.  1992 results
          also  include a non-cash increase  to income of  $2.6 million for
          the cumulative effect of adopting SFAS 109 as of January 1, 1992.


          Inflation

               The effect of inflation on the Company's operations during
          1994, 1993 and 1992 was not significant.

          Governmental Actions affecting the Company



                                        -32-<PAGE>





               The  Company's operations  in all  countries are  subject to
          regulation   which   includes   inspections    of   manufacturing
          facilities, requires approvals to market products, and can result
          in the recall  of products and suspension of production.   In the
          United States the Food and Drug Administration (FDA)  has imposed
          more  stringent  regulatory  requirements  on  the pharmaceutical
          industry.

               The U.S.  manufacturing companies included  in the Company's
          Pharmaceuticals Segment,  Barre, NMC,  and Able, are  affected in
          that they are required to comply with the FDA's interpretation of
          CGMP.   In this  regard, Barre and  Able are parties  to separate
          consent decrees with the FDA which  define the specific standards
          they must meet to comply with CGMP.  

               In 1992, 1993 and  1994, regulatory compliance has continued
          to affect costs directly by  requiring the addition of personnel,
          programs and capital and  indirectly by adding activities without
          directly  increasing  efficiency.    The costs  both  direct  and
          indirect of regulatory compliance (which have increased in recent
          years) are expected to continue to increase in the future.

               In  July 1994, the Company ceased  the marketing of products
          which contain iodinated  glycerol.  The cessation was  the result
          of an industry wide banning of such products by the FDA.  Because
          the  FDA allowed  for  an orderly  cessation  of sales  of  these
          products the immediate impact was minimized.

               Iodinated glycerol products  represented approximately 2% of
          the Company's 1994  sales and  the prospective loss  of sales  of
          these  products  will  negatively  impact  the  Company's  future
          operations.

               The  iodinated  glycerol  product  line was  used  to  treat
          respiratory  congestion resulting  from  coughs and  colds.   The
          Company  has a broad line of other  cough and cold remedies which
          may  provide  alternative  therapies  to  the  iodinated glycerol
          product line.   The Company  cannot predict the  extent, if  any,
          which the alternative products will be substituted.

               The Company and its  subsidiaries have filed applications to
          market products  with regulatory  agencies both in  the U.S.  and
          internationally.   The timing  of receipt  of approvals of  these
          applications  can  significantly  increase  future  revenues  and
          income.   The  Company cannot  control or  predict with  accuracy
          whether such applications will be approved or the timing of their
          approval.

          European Operations

               The  fluctuations  of  European  currencies  have  and  will
          continue  to  impact  the  Company's  European  operations  which
          comprise approximately  35% of  revenues in  1994.   In addition,
          many European governments have  enacted or are in the  process of
          enacting   mechanisms   aimed   at    lowering   the   cost    of

                                        -33-<PAGE>





          pharmaceuticals.   Currency fluctuations and governmental actions
          to reduce or not allow increases of prices have affected revenue.
          The Company cannot predict future currency fluctuations or future
          governmental  pricing actions  or their  impact on  the Company's
          results.  

          Liquidity and Capital Resources

               At  December  31,  1994,  stockholders'  equity  was  $181.3
          million compared to  $203.9 million  at December 31,  1993.   The
          ratio  of  long-term  debt to  equity  was  1.21:1  and .71:1  at
          December  31, 1994 and 1993,  respectively.  The  increase in the
          ratio reflects the financing required for the acquisition of A.L.
          Oslo, significant  capital  expenditures in  1994, and  increased
          working   capital  requirements.     Additionally,  the  required
          accounting for the  A.L. Oslo acquisition magnified the change in
          the  ratio  since restated  prior  year  financials include  A.L.
          Oslo's equity as part of  restated stockholders' equity and  upon
          acquisition, the cash purchase price, $23.6 million, was deducted
          from stockholders'  equity and in effect, added to long-term debt
          (i.e. the acquisition was financed).

               Working  capital  at December  31,  1994  was $95.8  million
          compared to $63.7 million and $71.3 million at December 31, 1993
          and  1992,  respectively.    The  current  ratio  was  1.62:1  at
          December 31, 1994 compared  to 1.46:1 and 1.67:1  at December 31,
          1993 and 1992, respectively.

               Working capital increased relative  to 1993 primarily due to
          increases in  accounts receivable and  inventory partially offset
          by  an  increase  in   accounts  payable  and  accrued  expenses.
          Accounts receivable  increased due  to  seasonally higher  fourth
          quarter sales  of liquid  pharmaceuticals by the  USPD, increased
          Animal Health sales  of fish vaccines  and poultry products,  and
          the acquisition of the Wade Jones Company in 1994.

               Inventory   increased  due   to  additional   Animal  Health
          inventories for Wade Jones and products sold under a distribution
          agreement with Merck  AgVet.  USPD inventories  increased to meet
          expected demand.  

               All  working capital elements also increased in 1994 in U.S.
          Dollars as  the functional currencies of  the Company's principal
          foreign  subsidiaries,  the  Danish  Krone  and  Norwegian Krone,
          strengthened  versus  the  U.S.  Dollar as  compared  to  1993 by
          approximately  10%.   The  approximate increase  due to  currency
          translation was; accounts receivable $4.4 million, inventory $3.7
          million and accounts payable and accrued expenses $3.2 million.

               The  Company  presently   has  various  capital  expenditure
          programs under way and planned including the planned expansion of
          a  fermentation  facility in  Denmark.   In  1994,  the Company's
          capital expenditures were  $44.3 million and in  1995 the Company
          plans to spend a lower amount than 1994.


                                        -34-<PAGE>





               If  anticipated sales  growth occurs  the Company  will have
          increased working capital requirements.  

               At  December  31,  1994,   the  Company  had  $26.9  million
          available under  existing short-term  unused lines of  credit and
          $15.5  million in  cash.   In  addition,  the Company  has  $10.3
          million  available in Europe under  long-term lines of credit and
          $30.0 million  available under a revolving  credit facility which
          was  included in the $185.0 million credit facility.  The Company
          believes that  the combination of cash from  operations and funds
          available under  existing lines of  credit will be  sufficient to
          cover  its  currently planned  operating  needs.   A  substantial
          portion  of  the Company's  short-term and  long-term debt  is at
          variable  interest rates.  An  increase in interest  rates in the
          U.S.or EuropewillnegativelyimpacttheCompany'sresultsofoperations.

               The   $185.0  million   credit  facility   contains  various
          financial covenants including  the maintenance of  minimum equity
          to assets, current and  interest coverage ratios.  The  equity to
          asset ratio  requires the  Company maintain stockholders'  equity
          (plus adjustments) of at  least 30% of total assets.   This ratio
          will in  effect require the  Company to issue equity  in the near
          term if significant additional  funding for acquisitions or other
          purposes is required.

          Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

               See page F-1 of this Report, which includes an index  to the
          consolidated   financial   statements  and   financial  statement
          schedule.

          Item 9.   Changes  in  and   Disagreements  With  Accountants  on
                    Accounting and Financial Disclosure

               Not applicable.


                                       PART III

          Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

               The  information as to  the Directors of  the Registrant set
          forth under the sub-caption  "Board of Directors" appearing under
          the  caption  "Election  of  Directors" of  the  Proxy  Statement
          relating to the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June
          7, 1995, which Proxy Statement will be filed on or prior to April
          12, 1995, is  incorporated by  reference into this  Report.   The
          information as  to the  Executive Officers  of the  Registrant is
          included  in Part I hereof  under the caption  Item 1A "Executive
          Officers of the Registrant"  in reliance upon General Instruction
          G to  Form 10-K and Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-
          K.


          Item 11.  Executive Compensation

                                        -35-<PAGE>





               The  information  to  be  set  forth  under  the  subcaption
          "Directors'  Fees and  Related  Information" appearing  under the
          caption "Board of  Directors" of the Proxy  Statement relating to
          the Annual  Meeting of Shareholders to  be held on June  7, 1995,
          which  Proxy Statement will  be filed  on or  prior to  April 12,
          1995,  and the information set forth under the caption "Executive
          Compensation  and   Benefits"   in  such   Proxy   Statement   is
          incorporated into this Report by reference.

          Item 12.  Security  Ownership  of Certain  Beneficial  Owners and
          Management

               The information to be set forth  under the caption "Security
          Ownership of  Certain Beneficial  Owners" of the  Proxy Statement
          relating to  the Annual  Meeting of Stockholders  expected to  be
          held  on  June  7, 1995,  is  incorporated  into  this Report  by
          reference.  Such  Proxy Statement will  be filed on  or prior  to
          April 12, 1995.

               There  are  no arrangements  known  to  the Registrant,  the
          operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in
          control of the Registrant.

          Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

               The information to  be set forth under  the caption "Certain
          Related Transactions  and Relationships"  of the Proxy  Statement
          relating  to the  Annual Meeting of  Stockholders expected  to be
          held  on  June  7, 1995,  is  incorporated  into  this Report  by
          reference.   Such Proxy  Statement will be  filed on or  prior to
          April 12, 1995.


                                       PART IV

          Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and  Reports on
          Form 8-K

          List of Financial Statements

               See  page F-1  of this  Report, which  includes an  index to
          consolidated   financial   statements  and   financial  statement
          schedule.

          List of Financial Statement Schedule

               See index to consolidated financial statements and financial
          statement schedule, which appears at page F-1 of this Report.

          List  of Exhibits    (numbered in  accordance  with Item  601  of
          Regulation S-K)

               3.1    Amended and Restated  Certificate of Incorporation of
          A.L. Pharma Inc.,  dated September  30, 1994 and  filed with  the


                                        -36-<PAGE>





          Secretary of State  of the State of Delaware  on October 3, 1994,
          is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               3.2    Amended and  Restated By-Laws  of  A.L.  Pharma Inc.,
          effective as of  October 3, 1994, is filed as  an Exhibit to this
          Report.

               4.1    Reference is  made to  Article Fourth of  the Amended
          and  Restated Certificate  of Incorporation  of A.L.  Pharma Inc.
          which is being filed as Exhibit 3.1 to this Report.

               4.2    Warrant Agreement between  A.L. Pharma  Inc. and  The
          First National Bank of Boston,  as warrant agent, is filed  as an
          Exhibit to this Report.

               10.1   $185,000,000    Credit     Agreement    among    A.L.
          Laboratories, Inc., as  Borrower, Union Bank of  Norway, as agent
          and arranger,  and  Den norske  Bank  AS, as  co-arranger,  dated
          September 28, 1994, is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               Copies of  debt instruments (other than  those listed above)
          for  which the related debt  does not exceed  10% of consolidated
          total  assets as of  December 31, 1994  will be furnished  to the
          Commission upon request.

               10.2   Parent Guaranty, made by A.L. Pharma Inc. in favor of
          Union Bank of Norway, as agent and arranger,  and Den norske Bank
          AS,  as  co-arranger, dated  September 28,  1994 is  filed  as an
          Exhibit to this Report.

               10.3   Restructuring Agreement,  dated as  of May  16, 1994,
          between  A.L. Laboratories, Inc. (now known  as A.L. Pharma Inc.)
          and Apothekernes  Laboratorium A.S (now known  as A.L. Industrier
          AS)  was filed  as Exhibit  A to  the Definitive  Proxy Statement
          dated August 22, 1994 and is incorporated herein by reference.

               10.4   Employment  Agreement  dated   January 1,  1987,   as
          amended  December  12,  1989,  between  I.  Roy  Cohen  and  A.L.
          Laboratories,   Inc.  was   filed   as  Exhibit   10.3  to   A.L.
          Laboratories,  Inc.'s  1989 Annual  Report  on Form  10-K  and is
          incorporated herein by reference.

               10.5   Control  Agreement dated  February  7,  1986  between
          Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (now known as  A.L. Industrier AS)
          and A.L. Laboratories, Inc.  (now known as A.L. Pharma  Inc.) was
          filed as  Exhibit 10.10  to  the A.L.  Laboratories, Inc.'s  1985
          Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  is  incorporated  herein  by
          reference.

               10.6   Amendment to Control Agreement  dated October 3, 1994
          between  A.L.  Industrier  AS  (formerly  known  as  Apothekernes
          Laboratorium A.S) and  A.L. Laboratories, Inc. (now known as A.L.
          Pharma Inc.) is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.



                                        -37-<PAGE>





               10.7   A.L. Laboratories, Inc.  1983 Incentive Stock  Option
          Plan,  as amended  through January 1,  1991 was filed  as Exhibit
          10.7 to A.L. Laboratories, Inc.'s 1990 Annual Report on Form 10-K
          and is incorporated herein by reference.

               10.8   Employment agreement  dated July 30, 1991 between the
          Company  and Jeffrey E. Smith  was filed as  Exhibit 10.8 to A.L.
          Laboratories,  Inc.'s 1991  Annual  Report on  Form  10-K and  is
          incorporated herein by reference.

               10.9   Employment  agreement  between  NMC Laboratories  and
          George S. Barrett dated August 6, 1990 was filed as Exhibit 10.11
          to  A.L. Laboratories, Inc.'s 1991 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
          is incorporated herein by reference.

               10.10  Lease   Agreement  between  A.L.  Industrier  AS,  as
          landlord,  and Apothekernes  Laboratorium  AS,  as tenant,  dated
          October 3, 1994 is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               10.11  Administrative   Services   Agreement  between   A.L.
          Industrier  AS and Apothekernes  Laboratorium AS dated October 3,
          1994 is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               10.12  Employment  agreement dated  August 10,  1972 between
          Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (transferred to A.L.  Oslo per the
          combination transaction)  and Einar  W. Sissener  is filed  as an
          exhibit to this report.

               10.13  Employment  contract dated  October  5, 1989  between
          Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (transferred to A.L.  Oslo per the
          combination transaction) and Ingrid  Wiik is filed as  an exhibit
          to this report.

               10.14  Employment  contract  dated October  5,  1989 between
          Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (transferred to A.L.  Oslo per the
          combination  transaction) and  Thor  Kristiansen is  filed as  an
          exhibit to this report.

               10.15  Employment contract  dated  October 2,  1991  between
          Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (transferred to A.L.  Oslo per the
          combination transaction) and Knut Moksnes is filed as  an exhibit
          to this report.

               11     Computation  of Earnings  per  Common Share  for  the
          years ended December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992.

               21     A list  of the subsidiaries  of the Registrant  as of
          March 18, 1995 is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               23     Consent  of  Coopers  & Lybrand  L.L.P.,  Independent
          Accountants, is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

               27     Financial Data Schedule



                                        -38-<PAGE>





               See exhibit index on  Page E-1 for exhibits filed  with this
          report.

          Report on Form 8-K

               On October 17, 1994, the Company filed a report on  Form 8-K
          dated  October   3,  1994  reporting  Item   2.  "Acquisition  or
          Disposition  of  Assets" and  Item  7.  "Financial statements  of
          businesses acquired, proforma financial information  and exhibits
          relating to the acquisition of the Related Norwegian businesses.














































                                        -39-<PAGE>





          Undertakings

               For purposes of  complying with the amendments  to the rules
          governing Form S-8 (effective July 13, 1990) under the Securities
          Act  of 1933,  the  undersigned Registrant  hereby undertakes  as
          follows,  which undertaking  shall be  incorporated  by reference
          into  Registrant's Registration  Statements on  Form S-8  Nos. 2-
          97830(as amended April 19, 1989)  and 33-37516 (filed November 1,
          1990):


                    Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising
               under the Securities  Act of 1933  may be permitted  to
               directors,  officers  and  controlling persons  of  the
               Registrant pursuant  to  the foregoing  provisions,  or
               otherwise, the Registrant has  been advised that in the
               opinion of the Securities  and Exchange Commission such
               indemnification  is against public  policy as expressed
               in  the  Securities  Act  of 1933  and  is,  therefore,
               unenforceable.     In  the  event  that   a  claim  for
               indemnification  against  such liabilities  (other than
               the payment  by the Registrant of  expenses incurred or
               paid by  a director,  officer or controlling  person of
               the Registrant in the successful defense of any action,
               suit or  proceeding)  is  asserted  by  such  director,
               officer or controlling  person in  connection with  the
               securities  being  registered,  the   Registrant  will,
               unless  in the  opinion of its  counsel the  matter has
               been  settled by  controlling  precedent,  submit to  a
               court of appropriate jurisdiction the  question whether
               such indemnification by it  is against public policy as
               expressed  in the Act and will be governed by the final
               adjudication of such issue.























                                        -40-<PAGE>





                                      SIGNATURES

               Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities
          and Exchange Act  of 1934,  the Registrant has  duly caused  this
          report  to be signed on  its behalf by  the undersigned thereunto
          duly authorized.

          March 30, 1995                A.L. PHARMA INC.
                                        Registrant


                                        By: /s/ Einar W. Sissener          
                                            Einar W. Sissener
                                            Chairman, Director and
                                            Chief Executive Officer

               Pursuant to the requirements  of the Securities and Exchange
          Act of 1934, this  Report has been signed below  by the following
          persons on behalf  of the Registrant and in the capacities and on
          the dates indicated.


          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Einar W. Sissener         
                                             Einar W. Sissener
                                             Chairman, Director and 
                                             Chief Executive Officer



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith          
                                             Jeffrey E. Smith
                                             Vice  President,  Finance  and
                                             Chief Financial Officer
                                             (Principal accounting officer)




          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ I. Roy Cohen              
                                             I. Roy Cohen
                                             Director and Chairman of the
                                             Executive Committee 




          Date:  March 30, 1995                                            
                                             James Balog
                                             Director and Chairman of the 
                                             Audit Committee






                                        -41-<PAGE>








          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Thomas G. Gibian          
                                             Thomas G. Gibian
                                             Director and Chairman of the
                                             Compensation Committee



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Glen E. Hess              
                                             Glen E. Hess
                                             Director



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Peter G. Tombros          
                                             Peter G. Tombros 
                                             Director



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Georg W. Sverdrup         
                                             Georg W. Sverdrup
                                             Director



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Erik G. Tandberg          
                                             Erik G. Tandberg 
                                             Director



          Date:  March 30, 1995              /s/ Gert Munthe              
                                             Gert Munthe
                                             Director
             


















                                        -42-<PAGE>





              INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES 

                                    ______________





                                                                 Page

          Consolidated Financial Statements:

            Report of Independent Accountants                     F-2

            Consolidated Balance Sheet at 
               December 31, 1994 and 1993                         F-3

            Consolidated Statement of Operations for 
               the years ended December 31, 1994, 
               1993 and 1992                                   F-4 to F-5

            Consolidated Statement of Stockholders' 
               Equity for the years ended 
               December 31, 1994, 1993 and 1992                F-6 to F-8

            Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
               for the years ended December 31, 1994, 
               1993 and 1992                                   F-9 to F-10

            Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         F-11 to F-42

          Financial Statement Schedule:

            Schedule II - Valuation and Qualifying Accounts 
             for the years ended December 31, 1994, 
             1993 and 1992                                       F-43

          Financial statement schedules other  than Schedule II are omitted
          for  the  reason that  they are  not  applicable or  the required
          information is included in the  consolidated financial statements
          or notes thereto.















                                         F-1<PAGE>





                          REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS





          To the Stockholders and
           Board of Directors of
          A.L. Pharma Inc.:


               We have audited  the consolidated  financial statements  and
          the  financial  statement  schedule   of  A.L.  Pharma  Inc.  and
          Subsidiaries (formerly  A.L. Laboratories, Inc.)  (the "Company")
          listed in  the  index on  page  F-1 of  this  Form 10-K.    These
          financial  statements and  financial  statement schedule  are the
          responsibility of  the Company's management.   Our responsibility
          is  to  express  an  opinion on  these  financial  statements and
          financial statement schedule based on our audits.

               We  conducted  our  audits  in  accordance   with  generally
          accepted  auditing standards.   Those  standards require  that we
          plan  and perform the audit to  obtain reasonable assurance about
          whether   the  financial   statements   are   free  of   material
          misstatement.   An  audit includes  examining, on  a  test basis,
          evidence supporting the amounts  and disclosures in the financial
          statements.   An  audit  also includes  assessing the  accounting
          principles used and significant  estimates made by management, as
          well as evaluating the  overall financial statement presentation.
          We believe that  our audits  provide a reasonable  basis for  our
          opinion.

               In our  opinion, the financial statements  referred to above
          present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  consolidated
          financial  position of  A.L.  Pharma Inc. and  Subsidiaries as of
          December  31, 1994 and 1993 and the consolidated results of their
          operations and  their cash flows for  each of the three  years in
          the period ended December  31, 1994 in conformity with  generally
          accepted accounting principles.  In addition, in our opinion, the
          financial statement schedule  referred to above, when  considered
          in relation to the  basic financial statements taken as  a whole,
          presents  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  information
          required to be included therein.

               As  discussed  in  Note  2  to  the  consolidated  financial
          statements, effective  January 1,  1993, the Company  changed its
          method  of  accounting  for  postretirement benefits  other  than
          pensions, and effective January 1,  1992, the Company changed its
          method of accounting for income taxes.



                                                  COOPERS & LYBRAND L.L.P.

          Parsippany, New Jersey

                                         F-2<PAGE>





          March 1, 1995























































                                         F-3<PAGE>


                           A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                              CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                          (In thousands, except share data)

                                                             December 31,   
                                                         1994           1993
     ASSETS
     Current assets:
      Cash and cash equivalents                        $ 15,512       $ 11,647
      Accounts receivable, net                          119,084         97,306
      Inventories                                       106,297         88,132
      Prepaid expenses and other current assets           9,606          5,828

          Total current assets                          250,499        202,913

     Property, plant and equipment, net                 202,903        170,355
     Intangible assets, net                             128,758        135,098
     Other assets and deferred charges                   10,158         19,251

            Total assets                               $592,318       $527,617


     LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
     Current liabilities:                                 
      Current portion of long-term debt                $ 13,288       $ 14,108
      Short-term debt                                    61,196         55,533
      Accounts payable                                   31,153         23,556
      Accrued expenses                                   46,651         42,448 
      Accrued and deferred income taxes                   2,362          3,560

          Total current liabilities                     154,650        139,205

     Long-term debt                                     220,036        144,350
     Deferred income taxes                               27,528         28,797
     Other non-current liabilities                        8,816         11,332

     Stockholders' equity:
      Preferred stock, $1 par value, no shares issued                       
      Class A Common Stock, $.20 par value,   
       13,618,791 and 13,567,683 shares issued            2,724          2,714
      Class B Common Stock, $.20 par value,
       8,226,562 shares issued                            1,646          1,646
      Additional paid-in capital                        118,833        111,473
      Foreign currency translation adjustment             8,125            307
      Retained earnings                                  55,482         93,291
      Treasury stock, 248,920 and 247,210 shares of 
       Class A Common Stock, at cost                     (5,522)        (5,498)

          Total stockholders' equity                    181,288        203,933

            Total liabilities and 
              stockholders' equity                     $592,318       $527,617


                   See notes to consolidated financial statements.




                                         F-4<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
                        (In thousands, except per share data)


                                                   Years Ended December 31,   
                                              1994         1993       1992

     Total revenue                          $469,263     $402,675   $358,632
       Cost of sales                         275,543      233,423    194,665

     Gross profit                            193,720      169,252    163,967
       Selling, general and 
         administrative expenses             177,742      139,038    128,658

     Operating income                         15,978       30,214     35,309
       Interest expense                      (15,355)     (14,996)   (18,534)
        Other income (expense), net            1,113        1,880      3,937
     Income from continuing operations
      before provision for income taxes,
      extraordinary item and cumulative
      effect of change in accounting
      principle                                1,736       17,098     20,712

          Provision for income taxes           3,439        6,969      7,161

     Income (loss) from continuing operations
      before extraordinary item and 
      cumulative effect of change in 
      accounting principle                    (1,703)      10,129     13,551

     Income from discontinued
      operations, net of tax                                           4,809

     Income (loss) before extraordinary item
      and cumulative effect of change
      in accounting principle                 (1,703)      10,129     18,360

     Extraordinary item, net of tax             (683)
     Cumulative effect of change in
      accounting principle                                             2,614

     Net income (loss)                      $ (2,386)    $ 10,129   $ 20,974

     Average common shares outstanding:
       Primary                                21,568       21,510     18,264
       Fully diluted                          21,666       21,581     21,568









                               Continued on next page.


                                         F-5<PAGE>
                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                  CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS, (Continued)
                        (In thousands, except per share data)


     Earnings per common share:
     Primary
       Income (loss) from continuing operations
         before extraordinary item and
        cumulative effect of change in
        accounting principle                $   (.08)    $    .47   $    .74
       Cumulative effect of change in 
        accounting principle                                             .14
       Net income (loss)                    $   (.11)    $    .47   $   1.15  

     Fully diluted
       Income (loss) from continuing operations
         before extraordinary item and
        cumulative effect of change in
        accounting principle                $   (.08)    $    .47   $    .74
       Cumulative effect of change in 
        accounting principle                                             .12
       Net income (loss)                    $   (.11)    $    .47   $   1.09  


































                   See notes to consolidated financial statements.



                                         F-6<PAGE>


                                       A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                            (COMMON STOCK ACCOUNTS)
                                       (In thousands, except share data)

<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                   Class    Class 
                                                     A        B
                                                  Common    Common
                                                  Stock     Stock        Treasury Stock        Total
                                       Common                                                  Common
                                       Shares      Par       Par       Shares                  Stock
                                       Issued     Value     Value       Held         Cost      Accounts

     <S>                             <C>          <C>       <C>       <C>         <C>          <C> 
     Balance, December 31, 1991      17,213,023   $1,797    $1,646    (179,871)   $(3,759)     $  (316)

     Purchase of treasury stock                                        (27,127)      (651)        (651)
     Exercise of stock options
      (Class A) and other                82,423       16                                            16
     Employee stock purchase plan        25,678        5                                             5
     Conversion of debentures         4,377,917      876                                           876

     Balance, December 31, 1992      21,699,041   $2,694    $1,646    (206,998)   $(4,410)     $   (70)

     Purchase of treasury stock                                        (40,212)    (1,088)      (1,088)
     Exercise of stock options
      (Class A) and other                57,574       13                                            13
     Employee stock purchase plan        37,630        7                                             7

     Balance, December 31, 1993      21,794,245   $2,714    $1,646    (247,210)   $(5,498)     $(1,138)

     Purchase of treasury stock                                         (1,710)       (24)         (24)
     Exercise of stock options
      (Class A)                           2,750        1                                             1
     Employee stock purchase plan        48,358        9                                             9

     Balance, December 31, 1994      21,845,353   $2,724    $1,646    (248,920)   $(5,522)     $(1,152)






                                         F-7<PAGE>


                                       A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                                CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                       (In thousands, except share data)

                                                               Foreign                      Total
                                     Common       Additional   Currency                     Stock-
                                     Stock        Paid-In      Translation     Retained     holders'
                                     Accounts     Capital      Adjustment      Earnings     Equity

     Balance, December 31, 1991
       previously reported           $  (316)     $ 49,588      $11,159        $53,575      $114,006
     Accounts of A.L. Oslo (ALO)
       net of eliminations                                        2,621         21,680        24,301

     Balance, December 31, 1991
       restated                         (316)       49,588       13,780         75,255       138,307

     Net income - 1992                                                          20,974        20,974
     Dividends declared
       ($.18 per common share)                                                  (3,305)       (3,305)
     Net foreign currency
       translation adjustment                                    (7,137)                      (7,137)
     Purchase of treasury stock         (651)                                                   (651)
     Tax benefit realized from
       stock option plan                               447                                       447
     Exercise of stock options
       (Class A) and other                16           662                                       678
     Employee stock purchase plan          5           575                                       580
     Conversion of debentures            876        58,605                                    59,481
     Remittances from ALO to
       A.L. Industrier                                                          (2,531)       (2,531)

     Balance, December 31, 1992      $   (70)     $109,877      $ 6,643        $90,393      $206,843

     Net income - 1993                                                          10,129        10,129
     Dividends declared
       ($.18 per common share)                                                  (3,873)       (3,873)
     Net foreign currency
       translation adjustment                                    (6,336)                      (6,336)





                                         F-8<PAGE>


                                       A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                          CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Continued)
                                       (In thousands, except share data)

                                                               Foreign                      Total
                                     Common       Additional   Currency                     Stock-
                                     Stock        Paid-In      Translation     Retained     holders'
                                     Accounts     Capital      Adjustment      Earnings     Equity

     Purchase of treasury stock       (1,088)                                                 (1,088)
     Tax benefit realized from
       stock option plan                               311                                       311
     Exercise of stock options
       (Class A) and other                13           586                                       599
     Employee stock purchase plan          7           699                                       706
     Remittances from ALO to
       A.L. Industrier                                                           (3,358)      (3,358)

     Balance, December 31, 1993      $(1,138)     $111,473     $    307         $93,291     $203,933

     Net loss - 1994                                                             (2,386)      (2,386)
     Dividends declared
       ($.18 per common share)                                                   (3,893)      (3,893)
     Net foreign currency
       translation adjustment                                     7,818                        7,818
     Purchase of treasury stock          (24)                                                    (24)
     Exercise of stock options
       (Class A)                           1            30                                        31
     Employee stock purchase plan          9           778                                       787
     Remittances from ALO to
       A.L. Industrier                                                           (1,384)      (1,384)
     Appropriation of retained
       earnings equal to cash
       purchase price for A.L.
       Oslo                                         23,594                      (23,594)
     Purchase of A.L. Oslo
       Cash paid                                   (23,594)                                  (23,594)
     Warrants issued                                 6,552                       (6,552)            

     Balance, December 31, 1994      $(1,152)     $118,833     $  8,125         $55,482     $181,288
      

</TABLE>

                                         F-9<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                         CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                              (In thousands of dollars)



                                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                                  1994       1993      1992

     Operating activities:

       Net income (loss)                       $ (2,386)   $ 10,129   $ 20,974
       Adjustments to reconcile net income 
         (loss) to net cash provided by 
         operating activities:
       Depreciation and amortization             26,773      23,842     22,671
       Deferred income taxes                     (5,506)        493      2,763
       Noncurrent asset writeoffs                14,841
       Extraordinary item                           683
       Income from option fee and sale of
        trademarks and intangibles                                      (4,958)
       Cumulative effect of change in 
         accounting principle                                           (2,614)

       Change in assets and liabilities, net
         of effects from business 
         acquisitions:
          (Increase) decrease in accounts 
             receivable                         (14,864)    (16,000)    14,464
          (Increase) in inventory               (11,639)     (4,635)   (11,114)
          (Increase) decrease in prepaid 
             expenses and other current 
             assets                                (774)       (833)       797 
          Increase (decrease) in accounts 
             payable and accrued expenses         8,492       3,497    (12,538)
          Increase (decrease) in accrued and 
             deferred income taxes               (1,269)     (2,592)     1,723
       Other, net                                 2,811       1,847        918 
          Net cash provided by operating
            activities                           17,162      15,748     33,086

     Investing activities:

       Proceeds from option fee, sale of
         trademarks, intangibles and
          equipment                                             268      5,043 
       Capital expenditures                     (44,326)    (24,044)   (21,325)
       Acquisition of A.L. Oslo                 (23,594)            
       Purchase of acquired businesses,
          and intangibles, net of cash 
          acquired                              (13,733)    (17,280)   (11,660)
           Net cash used in investing 
             activities                         (81,653)    (41,056)   (27,942)


                               Continued on next page.

                   See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                         F-10<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                              (In thousands of dollars)



                                              Years Ended December 31,      
                                                  1994       1993       1992
     Financing activities:

       Net borrowings under         
         lines of credit                      $   4,494   $ 23,484    $ (9,141)
       Proceeds of long-term debt               164,423     26,375      28,000
       Reduction of long-term debt             (100,719)   (12,397)    (20,280)
       Dividends paid                            (3,893)    (3,873)     (3,305)
       Cash transfers between A.L. Oslo 
         and A.L. Industrier                      4,991     (3,358)     (2,531)
       Treasury stock acquired                      (24)    (1,088)       (651)
       Proceeds from employee stock option
         and stock purchase plan                    818      1,305       1,258
       Other, net                                (2,713)       575         (79)
           Net cash provided by (used in)
             financing activities                67,377     31,023      (6,729)

     Exchange rate changes:

       Effect of exchange rate changes
         on cash                                  1,481       (818)       (558)
       Income tax effect of exchange rate
         changes on intercompany advances          (502)       225         384 
     Net cash flows from exchange rate
            changes                                 979       (593)       (174)
     Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
       equivalents                                3,865      5,122      (1,759)
     Cash and cash equivalents at
       beginning of year                         11,647      6,525       8,284
     Cash and cash equivalents at 
       end of year                             $ 15,512   $ 11,647    $  6,525



















                   See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                                         F-11<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                      NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                          (In thousands, except share data)

                                                                                
       
          1.   The Company and Basis of Presentation:

               A.L.  Pharma Inc.,  previously  named  A.  L.  Laboratories,
          Inc.,    (the   "Company")   is   a   specialized   multinational
          pharmaceutical company  engaged in developing,  manufacturing and
          marketing branded and generic, value-added  human pharmaceuticals
          and animal health products.  

               On October  3, 1994, the  Company completed  the acquisition
          of the pharmaceutical, animal health, bulk antibiotic and aquatic
          animal  health businesses of  Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (the
          "Related Norwegian Businesses").   Concurrent with the closing of
          the  acquisition the Company changed its name to A.L. Pharma Inc.
          from A. L. Laboratories, Inc.

               The  combination  of  the  Related Norwegian  Businesses  of
          Apothekernes  Laboratorium  A.S  with the  Company  was completed
          pursuant  to  an   Agreement  dated  May  16,   1994,  which  was
          subsequently  approved separately  by  the  shareholders of  both
          companies.

               In  order   to  accomplish   the  transaction   Apothekernes
          Laboratorium A.S changed  its name to A.L.  Industrier A.S ("A.L.
          Industrier") and demerged the Related Norwegian Businesses into a
          new  Norwegian  corporation called  Apothekernes  Laboratorium AS
          ("A.L. Oslo").  The Company then acquired the shares of A.L. Oslo
          through a tender offer.

               A.L.  Industrier is  the  beneficial owner  of  100% of  the
          outstanding shares of the Company's Class B stock and  is able to
          control  the Company  through its  ability to  elect more  than a
          majority of the Board of Directors  and to cast a majority of the
          votes in any vote of the Company's stockholders.  (See Note 15.)

               The consideration  paid by  the Company  for  A.L. Oslo  was
          $30,146 consisting of  $23,594 in cash, and  warrants to purchase
          3.6  million  shares  of  the  Company's  Class  A  Common  Stock
          (estimated value at  time of closing of $1.82 per share or $6,552
          in total).  The warrants expire  on January  3, 1999 and  have an
          exercise price of $21.945. 

               The  Company was required to  account for the acquisition of
          A.L. Oslo  as a  transfer  and exchange  between companies  under
          common control.   Accordingly,  the accounts  of  A.L. Oslo  were
          combined  with the Company at historical cost in a manner similar
          to a pooling-of-interests and the Company's  financial statements
          have  been restated  to include  A.L. Oslo.   At  the acquisition
          date, the consideration  paid for  A.L. Oslo was  reflected as  a
          decrease  to  stockholders' equity  net  of  the estimated  value
          ascribed  to the warrants.  There were no adjustments required to
          conform accounting practices of the companies.


                                         F-12<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                ______________________

          Selected information for  A. L. Laboratories, Inc.  and A.L. Oslo
          follows:

                                                                       
                                             1994        1993        1992
          Total Revenue
           A. L. Laboratories, Inc.      $400,636    $338,230     $295,112 
           A.L. Oslo                       85,401      78,467       78,724 
           Eliminations (a)               (16,774)    (14,022)     (15,204)
                                         $469,263    $402,675     $358,632 

          Income (loss) from continuing
           operations
            A. L. Laboratories, Inc.     $ (2,705)   $  8,621     $ 11,367 
            A.L. Oslo                       1,202       1,008        2,535 
            Eliminations (a)                 (200)        500         (351)
                                         $ (1,703)   $ 10,129     $ 13,551 

          Discontinued operations
            A. L. Laboratories, Inc.                              $  4,809 

          Extraordinary item -
            debt retirement
              A. L. Laboratories, Inc.    $  (683)                         

          Cumulative effect of 
           change in accounting 
           for income taxes
             A.L. Oslo                                            $  2,614 

          Net income (loss)(b)
            A. L. Laboratories, Inc.     $ (3,388)   $  8,621     $ 16,176 
            A.L. Oslo                       1,202       1,008        5,149 
            Eliminations (a)                  (200)        500         (351)
                                         $ (2,386)   $ 10,129     $ 20,974 

          (a) Prior  to the  combination  there  were transactions  between
          A.L. Laboratories, Inc. and A.L. Oslo  such as sales, commissions
          and   license  fees.    As  a  result  of  the  combination  such
          transactions   became  intercompany  in   nature  and  have  been
          eliminated.

          (b) The 1994  net  loss includes  the  net  after tax  effect  of
          combination  related transaction costs and the extraordinary item
          of  approximately $3,600 ($.17 per  share) and the  net after tax
          effect  of post-combination  management actions  of approximately
          $14,500  ($.67 per  share).   The total  of $18,100  was incurred
          $3,200 by A.L. Oslo and $14,900 by A. L. Laboratories, Inc.

              The  restated statement of operations for  1992, 1993 and the
          period  January 1,  to October  2, 1994  do not  include interest
          expense related to the cash consideration paid on October 3, 1994
          by the Company  for A.L.  Oslo.  Assuming  cash consideration  of

                                         F-13<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                ______________________

          $23,594, interest expense after tax would have decreased reported
          results  by approximately $750 in 1994 (for the period January 1,
          to October 2, 1994), and $1,000 in 1993 and 1992.

          2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:

               Principles of consolidation:

               The consolidated  financial statements include  the accounts
          of  the Company and its  domestic and foreign  subsidiaries.  The
          effects of  all significant  intercompany transactions have  been
          eliminated.

               Financial  statements  and   related  footnotes  have   been
          restated for all periods presented  to reflect the combination of
          the Company with A.L. Oslo.  (See Note 1.)

               Cash equivalents:

               Cash equivalents include all  highly liquid investments that
          have an original maturity of three months or less.  

               Inventories:

               Inventories are valued at the lower of cost  or market.  The
          last-in, first-out (LIFO) method is principally used to determine
          the  cost of  the U.S.  Pharmaceuticals manufacturing  subsidiary
          inventories  including:  Barre-National,   Inc.  ("Barre"),   NMC
          Laboratories, Inc. ("NMC") and  Able Laboratories, Inc. ("Able").
          The first-in, first-out (FIFO) and average cost methods  are used
          to value remaining inventories.

               Property, plant and equipment:

               Property,  plant   and  equipment  are   recorded  at  cost.
          Expenditures for  additions, major  renewals and  betterments are
          capitalized  and  expenditures for  maintenance  and repairs  are
          charged  to income as incurred.  When assets are sold or retired,
          their cost and related  accumulated depreciation are removed from
          the accounts, with any gain or loss included in net income.

               Interest is capitalized  as part of the  acquisition cost of
          major  construction projects.  In 1994, 1993 and 1992, $722, $262
          and $214 of interest cost was capitalized, respectively.  

               Depreciation is  computed by  the straight-line method  over
          the estimated useful lives which are generally as follows:

                    Buildings                 30-40 years
                    Building improvements     10-30 years
                    Machinery and equipment    2-20 years



                                         F-14<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               Intangible assets:

               Intangible assets represent  the excess of cost  of acquired
          businesses over  the underlying  fair value  of the tangible  net
          assets  acquired  and the  cost  of  technology, trademarks,  New
          Animal Drug Applications ("NADAs"), and other non-tangible assets
          acquired  in product  line  acquisitions.  Intangible assets  are
          amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated period of
          benefit.  The Company's policy in assessing the recoverability of
          intangible  assets  is  to  compare  the carrying  value  of  the
          intangible   assets  with  the   anticipated  future   income  of
          businesses to which  the intangibles relate.  In  connection with
          the acquisition  of  A.L.  Oslo and  the  reorganization  of  the
          Company  in December 1994, the  Company decided to  exit its U.S.
          tablet  business and cease the  marketing of an  oral health care
          product based on licensed technology.  These actions resulted  in
          a write  off of intangible assets  of $9,200. (See Note  3).  The
          following table is net of accumulated amortization of $28,699 and
          $21,884 for 1994 and 1993, respectively.

                                              1994      1993       Life  
          Excess of cost of acquired
          businesses over the fair value 
          of the net assets acquired       $104,768   $101,039    20 - 40

          Technology, trademarks, NADAs
          and other                          23,990     34,059     6 - 20

                                           $128,758   $135,098

               Foreign currency translation and transactions:

               The  assets   and  liabilities  of  the   Company's  foreign
          subsidiaries  are translated  from  their  respective  functional
          currencies  into U.S. Dollars at  rates in effect  at the balance
          sheet date.   Results of operations are  translated using average
          rates in effect  during the year.   Foreign currency  transaction
          gains and  losses  are  included  in income.    Foreign  currency
          translation  adjustments are accumulated  in a separate component
          of  stockholders'  equity.    The  foreign  currency  translation
          adjustment for  1994, 1993 and  1992 is net of  ($502), $225, and
          $384,   respectively,  representing   the  foreign   tax  effects
          associated with intercompany advances to foreign subsidiaries.

               Foreign exchange contracts:

               The Company  enters into foreign  exchange contracts  to buy
          and sell certain cash flows in non-functional currencies and as a
          hedge  against  foreign debt  payable.   Market  value  gains and
          losses are recognized, and the  resulting credit or debit offsets
          foreign  exchange gains or losses  on the foreign  debt.  Foreign


                                         F-15<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          exchange  contracts  that  are   not  recognized  as  hedges  are
          accounted for as foreign currency transactions.

               Interest rate hedging transactions:

               The  Company  enters  into  interest  rate  hedge agreements
          which fix the interest  rate to be paid for specified  periods on
          variable rate long-term  debt.   The differential to  be paid  or
          received is recorded as of the value date and recognized over the
          life of the agreements as an adjustment to interest expense.  

               Change in accounting method for income taxes:

               In  1992,   the  Company  adopted  Statement   of  Financial
          Accounting Standards No. 109, "Accounting for Income Taxes" (SFAS
          109).   SFAS 109 requires the utilization of the liability method
          of accounting for deferred taxes based on enacted tax rates.  The
          cumulative  effect of  adopting SFAS  109 as  of January  1, 1992
          resulted in a non-cash increase to net income of $2,614 ($.12 per
          share fully diluted).

               The provision for  income taxes includes federal,  state and
          foreign income taxes currently payable and those deferred because
          of temporary differences in the  basis of assets and  liabilities
          between   amounts  recorded  for   financial  statement  and  tax
          purposes.

               At  December   31,  1994,   the  Company's   share  of   the
          undistributed  earnings of  its  foreign subsidiaries  (excluding
          cumulative   foreign   currency   translation  adjustments)   was
          approximately $27,000.   No  provisions have  been made for  U.S.
          income  taxes that  would  be payable  upon  the distribution  of
          earnings  which have been reinvested abroad or are expected to be
          returned in  tax-free distributions.  It is  the Company's policy
          to provide for taxes  payable with respect to earnings  which the
          Company plans to repatriate.

               Change in Accounting Method for Postretirement Benefits:

               Effective January 1, 1993, the  Company adopted Statement of
          Financial Accounting Standards No. 106 "Employers' Accounting for
          Postretirement  Benefits Other  than Pensions"  (SFAS 106).   The
          statement requires accrual accounting for these benefits over the
          service lives of the  employees instead of expensing payments  as
          incurred.  Adoption of SFAS 106 did not have a material impact on
          the Company.  (See Note 11.)

               Accounting for Postemployment Benefits:

               Effective  January  1, 1994,  the  Company formally  adopted
          Statement of Financial  Accounting Standards No. 112  "Employers'
          Accounting  for  Postemployment  Benefits"   (SFAS  112).     The

                                         F-16<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          statement  requires accrual of postemployment benefits during the
          employment period when certain conditions are met.   The adoption
          of SFAS 112 did not have a material impact on the Company.

               Earnings per share:

               Primary  earnings  per  share is  based  upon  the  weighted
          average  number of  common shares  outstanding and  commencing in
          1994 warrants  to purchase  common shares  will be  included when
          dilutive.

               Fully  diluted  earnings  per  share  reflect  the  dilutive
          effect  of stock  options (not  material for  the  computation of
          primary)  and assumes  through October  of 1992  that the  7 3/4%
          Convertible  Subordinated Debentures  were converted  into common
          stock,  with  earnings  being  increased   for  interest  expense
          thereon,  net  of  taxes.    In  October  1992,  the  Convertible
          Subordinated Debentures were fully  converted into Class A Common
          Stock.

          3.   Transaction   Expenses   and   Post-Combination   Management
          Actions

               In  connection  with  the  acquisition  of  A.L.  Oslo,  the
          Company incurred transaction expenses related to  the combination
          for  fees paid to a  special committee of  the Board of Directors
          (charged with evaluating the feasibility of the transaction), and
          investment  banking,  legal,  accounting  and  other  transaction
          expenses.  In 1994  these expenses before tax totalled  $3,100 of
          which $2,600  were  expensed  in  the  fourth  quarter  of  1994.
          Certain of these  expenses are not  deductible for tax  purposes.
          Similar expenses  of approximately  $1,000 were incurred  in both
          1993 and 1992 relating to a possible  combination.  Additionally,
          to complete the acquisition, the Company refinanced its long-term
          debt and incurred a  loss on extinguishment of $683  ($1,102 loss
          less  $419  of income  taxes  or $.03  per  share which  has been
          classified as an extraordinary item.)

               Upon  consummation  of  the  acquisition  the   Company  was
          reorganized  on  a  global   basis  into  decentralized  business
          divisions.  Each  division was required to  evaluate its business
          to determine actions necessary to maximize the division's and the
          Company's competitive position.   As a  result, in December  1994
          the  Board of Directors approved a plan and the Company announced
          post-combination  management  actions   which  included   exiting
          certain businesses and product  lines which did not fit  into the
          Company's  new strategic  direction,  severing certain  employees
          employed in the businesses or product lines to be exited or whose
          positions had become redundant as a result of the acquisition and
          the  sale or  exiting of  certain support  facilities which  also
          became redundant as  a result of the  acquisition.  A summary  of
          the charges resulting from these actions follows:

                                         F-17<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________























































                                         F-18<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          Pre-tax
          Amount              Description of Action

          $3,750              Sever   53   employees   primarily   in   the
                              pharmaceutical   segment.     All  identified
                              employees were notified in the fourth quarter
                              of 1994.  At year end $3,156 was accrued  for
                              severance to  be paid subsequent  to December
                              31, 1994.

          $8,800              Exit  by  sale  or  closing  the U.S.  tablet
                              business   in   1995.     Write-off  includes
                              intangible  assets  of $5,800  and  plant and
                              equipment of $3,000.  No severance for tablet
                              employees was accrued  based on  management's
                              evaluation  of  the most  probable  exit plan
                              (sale).   Should  such exit  plan fail  to be
                              consummated  an   adjustment  for  additional
                              future costs could be required in 1995 if the
                              business is closed.

          $5,000              Discontinue  manufacturing  and marketing  of
                              Aquatic Animal Health antibiotics and an oral
                              health care product  produced under  license.
                              Write off includes $1,600 of tangible assets,
                              primarily   machinery   and   equipment   and
                              intangible assets of $3,400.

            $900              Sell unimproved land which was to be the site
                              for manufacturing expansion.  This land is no
                              longer needed  as a result of the acquisition
                              resulting in  a  write down  to  fair  market
                              value.

            $600              Close duplicate sales  offices and  eliminate
                              duplicate distributors.
          
               In  addition, the  Company  made the  decision to  no longer
          pursue  research  and  development  activities  relating  to  the
          colonic delivery of drugs.  The Company accelerated contractually
          required payments of  $2,500 in  the fourth quarter  of 1994  and
          does not intend to fund future activities in this area.

               The   expenses   for  transaction   costs   (excluding   the
          extraordinary  item) and  the post-combination  actions described
          are included in cost of goods sold ($450) and in selling, general
          and administrative expenses ($24,200).

               The net after  tax effect of the transaction costs including
          the extraordinary item was  approximately $3,600 ($.17 per share)
          and the  net  after tax  effect of  the post-combination  actions
          described above was approximately $14,500 ($.67 per share).

                                         F-19<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          4.   Business and Product Line Acquisitions:

               The  following  acquisitions  were accounted  for  under the
          purchase method and the accompanying financial statements reflect
          results of operations from their respective acquisition dates.

               In July 1994,  the Company acquired  the Wade Jones  Company
          ("Wade Jones")  headquartered in Lowell, Arkansas.  Wade Jones is
          a major  distributor of poultry  animal health products  and also
          manufactures and blends certain animal health products.

               The  purchase   agreement  required  a  purchase   price  of
          approximately   $8,350  including  adjustments  based  on  actual
          financial  position  on  the  closing date.    In  addition,  the
          agreement  provides  for  contingent  payments  based  on  future
          product  approvals.    The  excess  of  purchase  price  over the
          underlying estimated fair value of net assets acquired based on a
          preliminary allocation is being amortized over 20 years.

               Had the  acquisition of Wade Jones occurred as of January 1,
          1993 pro  forma revenues and net income (loss) would have been as
          follows (unaudited):
                                                      Year Ended
                                                     December 31,

                                                 1994         1993

          Revenues                           $481,525     $427,014
          Income (loss) before extraordinary 
            items                            $ (1,488)    $ 10,471
          Net Income (loss)                  $ (2,168)    $ 10,471

          Net Income (loss) per common share

             Primary                            $(.10)        $.49
             Fully diluted                      $(.10)        $.49

               The  foregoing  pro  forma   information  is  presented   in
          response to  applicable  accounting rules  relating  to  business
          acquisitions  and is  not  necessarily indicative  of results  of
          operations that would have been reported had the acquisition been
          completed at the beginning of 1993.

               On  January  1,  1993,  A.L.  Oslo  acquired  the  remaining
          outstanding shares (50% ownership)  of Norgesplaster A/S which it
          did not already own from  an unrelated third party for $2,100  in
          cash.  Norgesplaster  is  a Norwegian  manufacturer  of  adhesive
          bandages,  surgical tapes and  non-medical tapes.   The excess of
          the total cost of the acquisition over the fair value  of the net
          assets aggregated approximately $900  and is being amortized over
          20 years.


                                         F-20<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               In March 1993,  the Company's subsidiary, Barre,  acquired a
          pharmaceutical  manufacturing  facility   in  Lincolnton,   North
          Carolina  ("Lincolnton"),  including inventories,  approved ANDAs
          and other  related  assets for  approximately  $16,000  including
          direct costs of acquisition.  The purchase price was paid by cash
          and  by issuance of  a $5,000  long-term promissory  note bearing
          interest  at prime.  The facility is designed to manufacture oral
          liquids  and topical ointments and creams.  In addition, a multi-
          year supply agreement was signed which provides for the sale from
          Lincolnton, Barre, Able and NMC of pharmaceutical products to the
          previous owner of Lincolnton, a major generic drug distributor.

               In October 1992,  the Company acquired the  business, assets
          and assumed liabilities of Able.

               Able  is  a   manufacturer  and   marketer  of   specialized
          prescription   and   over-the-counter  pharmaceuticals   with  an
          emphasis on  suppositories,  and tablets  for specialty  markets.
          The purchase agreement  required an initial  payment in cash  and
          provided for  contingent payments based on  FDA product approvals
          received.  The cost of the acquisition was approximately $17,900,
          including direct  costs  of  acquisition  and  actual  contingent
          payments of $6,000.  The contingent payments for FDA approvals of
          suppository products  were recorded as intangible  assets and are
          being amortized over  15 years.   No further contingent  payments
          are required in accordance with the terms of an agreement reached
          with the  prior owners in the fourth quarter of 1994.  (See Notes
          2  and 3  relating to  the Company's  decision to  exit the  U.S.
          tablet business.)

               During 1994 the Company  recorded contingent payments  based
          on the results of operations  required by the respective purchase
          agreements of approximately $750 for  NMC (acquired in 1990)  and
          $762 for Biomed Inc.  (acquired in 1989).  No  further contingent
          payments are required for Biomed.

               Contingent payments are  included in intangible assets  when
          earned  and amortized over their  remaining life.   The excess of
          purchase  prices over  the underlying  fair  value of  net assets
          acquired  for Lincolnton and the  suppository business of Able is
          being amortized on a straight-line basis over 30 years.

          5.   Inventories:

               Inventories consist of the following:
                                                       December 31,      
                                                1994           1993

               Finished product               $ 60,443       $ 46,698 
               Work-in-process                  14,075         12,440
               Raw materials                    31,779         28,994
                                              $106,297       $ 88,132

                                         F-21<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               At December  31, 1994  and 1993,  approximately $47,300  and
          $42,300 of inventories, respectively, are valued on a LIFO basis.
          Such amounts  exceeded the FIFO basis by  $376 in 1994 and $1,566
          in 1993.

          6.   Property, Plant and Equipment:

               Property,  plant and  equipment,  at  cost, consist  of  the
          following:

                                                     December 31,     
                                                 1994          1993

               Land                           $  9,279       $  8,507
               Buildings and building                 
                 improvements                   90,321         77,291
               Machinery and equipment         191,701        157,080
               Construction in progress         12,069          7,386
                                               303,370        250,264
               Less, accumulated depreciation  100,467         79,909

                                              $202,903       $170,355































                                         F-22<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          7.   Long-Term Debt:

               Long-term debt consists of the following:

                                                    December 31, 
                                                 1994         1993

               U.S. Dollar Denominated:
                1994 Credit Facility
                 Term Loan A - 7.625%         $ 65,000
                 Term Loan B - 7.50%            72,000
                 Revolving Credit - 7.375%      18,000

                Bank term loans                              $ 73,660
                Lincolnton acquisition note      3,000          5,000
                Industrial Development Revenue
                 Bonds: 
                   Baltimore County, Maryland
                    (7.25%)                      6,700          6,700
                    (6.875%)                     1,200          1,200
                   Lincoln County, NC            6,000
                   Niagara County, NY 
                  (70% of Prime)                   100            154
                Other, U.S.                      4,809          2,046

               Denominated in Other Currencies:
                Mortgage notes payable (NOK)    32,496         30,029
                Bank and agency development 
                 loans (NOK)                    16,979         15,577
                Long term credit lines (NOK)                   12,618
                Lundbeck acquisition note 
                   (DK)                          6,056         10,404
                Other, foreign                     984          1,070
                                               233,324        158,458
                Less, current maturities        13,288         14,108

                                              $220,036       $144,350

               On  September 28, 1994, the Company signed a $185,000 credit
          agreement  ("1994 Credit  Facility") with  a consortium  of banks
          arranged by the Union Bank of Norway and Den norske Bank A.S. The
          agreement   provided   for   the   refinancing   of   outstanding
          indebtedness, the  acquisition of  A.L.  Oslo (including  related
          transaction costs,  fees and expenses) and  for general corporate
          purposes.








                                         F-23<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               The credit agreement provided for the loans as follows:

                              Term Loan      Term Loan       Revolving
          Credit
                                 (A)            (B)              Facility   


          Maximum Amount      $65,000        $72,000         $48,000

          Term                7 years        5 years         4    years    3
          months

          Interest Rate       Eurodollar     Eurodollar      Eurodollar
          rate
           (Variable)         rate plus      rate plus       plus 1.125%
                              1.375%         1.25%

          Amount of           5% to 9% of    5% to 10% of    Revolving
            repayment         loan amount    loan amount     100% at
                              per year       per year        maturity
                              commencing in  commencing in   subject to
                              1996 and 30%   1996 and 30%    extension  
                              at final       at final
                              maturity       maturity

               On October  3, 1994, concurrent with the acquisition of A.L.
          Oslo the Company borrowed $142,000 under the 1994 Credit Facility
          and  subsequently repaid bank term  loans of $71,279  and line of
          credit debt of  $30,620.  The  repayment of  the bank term  loans
          resulted in a loss on repayment of $1,102 ($683 net of tax).  The
          loss has been classified as an extraordinary item.

               In connection with the purchase  of the Lincolnton facility,
          the Company issued the  former owner a promissory note  of $5,000
          bearing interest at prime.  ($3,000 at 8.5%  is outstanding as of
          December 31, 1994.)  Payment of the note can vary under the terms
          of the agreement but  is expected to require repayment  of $1,500
          in both 1995 and 1996.

               In August  1994, the  Company issued  Industrial Development
          Revenue  Bonds for $6,000 in connection with the expansion of the
          Lincolnton,  North Carolina  plant.   The  bonds require  monthly
          interest payments at a floating rate (5.75% at December 31, 1994;
          3.712% cumulative weighted  average for  1994) approximating  the
          current money market rate on tax  exempt bonds and the payment by
          the Company of annual letter of credit, remarketing, trustee, and
          rating agency fees of 1.125%.  The bonds require a yearly sinking
          fund  redemption of $500 from August 1996 to August 2004 and $300
          thereafter through August  2009.  To  account for the  unexpended
          bond proceeds  at December 31,  1994, the Company  has classified
          $1,287  of cash,  which  is  restricted  for  use  in  the  plant
          expansion, as construction in progress.  Plant and equipment with

                                         F-24<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          an approximate net book  value of $5,800 serve as  collateral for
          this loan.

               The Baltimore  County Industrial  Development Revenue  Bonds
          are payable in varying amounts through 2009.  Plant and equipment
          with an approximate net book  value of $12,900 collateralize  the
          Baltimore County Industrial Revenue Bonds.

               The mortgage notes  payable denominated in Norwegian  Kroner
          (NOK) were originally issued  in connection with the construction
          of   a  pharmaceutical   facility   in  Lier,   Norway  and   are
          collateralized by  this facility  (net book value  of $38,200  at
          December  31, 1994)  and  the Oslo,  Norway ("Skoyen")  facility.
          (See Note  12.)  The  debt was borrowed  in a number  of tranches
          over the construction period and interest is  fixed for specified
          periods based  on actual yields of  Norgeskreditt publicly traded
          bonds  plus  a lending  margin of  0.70%.   The  weighted average
          interest rate at December  31, 1994 and 1993 was 9.6%  and 11.3%,
          respectively.  In 1995 and 1996, debt of approximately $6,000 and
          $15,500,  respectively,   will  be  subject   to  interest   rate
          adjustments based on the then  current rates.   The  tranches are
          repayable  in  semiannual  installments  through  2021.    Yearly
          amounts payable vary between $1,120 and $1,950.

               A.L. Oslo  has  various loans  with  government  development
          agencies and  banks which  have been  used  for acquisitions  and
          construction  projects.   Such  loans are  collateralized by  the
          Skoyen  property and  require yearly  payments made  semiannually
          through 1998 of  between $721 and $1,744  and a final payment  of
          $11,568 in 1999.  The weighted average interest rate of the loans
          at  December 31, 1994 and  1993 was 6.9%  and 8.8%, respectively.
          The banks and agencies have the option to extend payment in 1999.


               The  $6,056  outstanding  debt to  Lundbeck  represents  the
          present value of  the remaining installment due  in Danish Kroner
          (DK) payable  on the first business  day of 1995.   A.L. Oslo has
          hedged   the  currency   exposure  arising   from   the  Lundbeck
          installments  by  purchasing  forward  exchange  contracts  which
          mature on the same date as the  DK installment is due.  This debt
          has  been accounted  for using  the interest  method applying  an
          interest  rate of  10.00%    Payments  on  this  debt  have  been
          guaranteed via a guarantee fee of 0.75% per annum.  This loan was
          repaid on January 2, 1995.

               As  of  December  31,  1994,  A.L.  Oslo  had  approximately
          $10,300  available in NOK in three year line of credit agreements
          with  two banks.  The  credit lines require  certain equity, cash
          flow and quick ratios, as defined, be maintained.

               The  1994 Credit Facility  has a  number of  loan covenants,
          the  most  restrictive of  which is  the  equity to  asset ratio.

                                         F-25<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          Certain NOK loans  have loan  covenants which  apply directly  to
          A.L. Oslo.



















































                                         F-26<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               Maturities of long-term  debt during each  of the next  five
          years and thereafter are as follows:

                    Year ending December 31,

                              1995            $13,288 
                              1996             12,883
                              1997             19,110
                              1998             28,104
                              1999             89,703
                              Thereafter       70,236 
                                             $233,324

          8.   Short-Term Debt:

               Short-term debt consists of the following:

                                            December 31, 
                                          1994      1993

                         Domestic       $42,096    $39,107
                         Foreign         19,100     16,426
                                        $61,196    $55,533

               At  December  31,   1994,  the  Company  and   its  domestic
          subsidiaries  have  available  bank   lines  of  credit  totaling
          $61,250.   Borrowings  under  these lines  are  made for  periods
          generally less than three months and bear interest from 6.625% to
          8.50% at December 31, 1994.  At December  31, 1994, the amount of
          the unused lines totaled $19,154.

               At December  31,  1994, the  Company's foreign  subsidiaries
          have  available  lines  of  credit with  various  banks  totaling
          $26,846 ($23,963 in Europe and $2,883 in the Far East).  Drawings
          under  these lines are made for periods generally less than three
          months  and bear interest at  December 31, 1994  at rates ranging
          from 6.25% to  7.13%.  At  December 31, 1994,  the amount of  the
          unused lines totaled $7,746  ($6,731 in Europe and $1,015  in the
          Far East).

               The  weighted  average  interest  rate  on  short-term  debt
          during  the years  1994, 1993  and  1992 was  5.9%, 5.7%  and 8%,
          respectively.










                                         F-27<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          9.   Income Taxes:

               Domestic  and  foreign  income  from  continuing  operations
          before income taxes  was $158 and  $1,578, respectively in  1994,
          $13,348 and $3,750, respectively in 1993, and $11,104 and $9,608,
          respectively, in 1992.  Taxes  on income of foreign  subsidiaries
          are provided  at the  tax  rates applicable  to their  respective
          foreign  tax  jurisdictions.    The provision  for  income  taxes
          consists of the following:

                                                Years Ended December 31,
                                              1994      1993       1992
                    Current:
                      Federal                $6,246    $4,104     $3,224
                      Foreign                 1,389     1,595      1,301
                      State                   1,310       777        685
                                              8,945     6,476      5,210

                    Deferred:
                      Federal                (5,018)      748        825 
                      Foreign                   142      (397)       932 
                      State                    (630)      142        194 
                                             (5,506)      493      1,951 
                         Provision for
                         income taxes        $3,439    $6,969     $7,161

               A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax
           rate to the effective rate follows:

                                                Years Ended December 31,
                                              1994      1993       1992

          Provision for income taxes at 
            statutory rate                    35.0%     35.0%      34.0%
          State income tax, net of federal
            tax benefit                       25.5%      3.5%       2.8%
          Higher (lower) taxes on foreign
            earnings, net                     14.2%     (4.4%)     (2.4%)
          Tax credits                         (0.1%)    (0.4%)      (.3%)
          Non-deductible costs, principally
            depreciation and amortization
            related to acquired companies     78.1%      7.1%       5.0%
          Capitalized combination costs       49.4%
          Reduction in Danish tax rates                            (4.9%)
          Non-deductible interest expense on
            conversion of convertible debentures                    1.9%
          Other                               (4.0%)               (1.5%)
               Provision for income taxes    198.1%     40.8%      34.6%





                                         F-28<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               Deferred tax  liabilities  (assets)  are  comprised  of  the
          following:
                                                          Year Ended
                                                         December 31,
                                                        1994       1993 

          Accelerated depreciation and amortization
            for income tax purposes                    $22,157    $23,920
          Excess of book basis of acquired assets
            over tax bases                               9,200      9,052
          Differences between inventory valuation
            methods used for book and tax purposes
            (Denmark)                                    2,186      2,136
          Other                                             40        374
          Gross deferred tax liabilities                33,583     35,482


          Accrued liabilities and other reserves        (6,115)    (4,183)
          Pension liabilities                           (1,250)      (701)
          Loss carryforwards                              (801)      (610)
          Other                                         (1,035)      (882)
          Gross deferred tax assets                     (9,201)    (6,376)

          Deferred tax assets valuation allowance          801        610

               Net deferred tax liabilities            $25,183    $29,716

               As  of  December  31,  1994,  the  Company  has  state  loss
          carryforwards of  approximately $8,898,  which  are available  to
          offset future  taxable income.   These carryforwards  will expire
          between  the years 1999 and  2001.  Accordingly,  the Company has
          recognized a deferred tax  asset relating to these carryforwards.
          The Company has established a valuation allowance  for the entire
          amount of these carryforwards.

               Danish tax  law prior to  1991 allowed the  Company's Danish
          subsidiaries  to appropriate an investment  fund of up  to 25% of
          annual  taxable   income  adjusted   for  certain  items.     The
          appropriation is tax  deductible in the year it was  made.  Fifty
          percent of  the  amount  appropriated must  be  deposited  in  an
          interest-yielding  blocked  bank  account.    Blocked  funds  are
          released  with the  acquisition  of the  qualifying property  and
          equipment.  Included in "other assets and deferred charges" as of
          December 31, 1994 and 1993 is $1,481 and $1,988, respectively, of
          such blocked funds.








                                         F-29<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          10.  Pension Plans:

          Domestic:

               Prior to July 1, 1994,  the Company maintained two qualified
          noncontributory, defined  benefit pension plans  ("A.L. Plan" and
          "Subsidiary  Plan")   covering  the  majority  of   its  domestic
          employees.   Effective July 1, 1994, the Company amended the A.L.
          Plan  to  include certain  subsidiary  employees  and merged  the
          Subsidiary Plan  into the A.L. Plan.   The benefits  are based on
          years of service and the employee's compensation during  the last
          five  years of  service.   The  Company's  funding policy  is  to
          contribute annually an  amount that can  be deducted for  federal
          income tax purposes.  Plan assets are invested in equities, long-
          term government securities and bonds.

               Net  pension  cost  for 1994,  1993  and  1992  included the
          following components:

                                          Years Ended December 31,  
                                            1994    1993     1992

          Service cost                    $1,047   $  939   $  794
          Interest cost                      856      693      549
          Actual return on plan assets       105     (375)    (451)
          Net amortization and deferral     (502)     106      160
                                          $1,506   $1,363   $1,052


























                                         F-30<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               The following tables set  forth the plan's funded  status as
          of  December 31, 1994  and 1993 (1993 amounts  are combined to be
          consistent with the 1994 presentation):

                                                     Accumulated
                                                   Benefits Exceed
                                                       Assets     
                                                  1994         1993

          Accumulated benefit obligation:
               Vested                           $ 5,388      $ 5,838 
               Nonvested                            770          520 
                                                $ 6,158      $ 6,358 

          Projected benefit obligation          $ 8,767      $ 9,652      
          Fair value of plan assets              (5,658)      (5,986)
          Unrecognized net loss                  (2,705)      (2,551)
          Unrecognized prior service cost         1,540          (76)
          Unrecognized net transition 
            obligation                             (274)        (304)
          Additional minimum liability              --           354            

            Accrued pension costs               $ 1,670      $ 1,089 

          The assumptions used were as follows:

                                             1994      1993       1992

          Weighted average discount rate     8.5%      7.25%      8.0%

          Rate of increase in compensation 
            rate                             5.0%      5.0%       5.0%

          Expected long-term rate of return
            on plan assets                   8.0%      8.0%       8.0%


               In 1993, the Company incurred a settlement loss of $322 as a
          result  of a number of retirees accepting lump sum settlements in
          lieu of receiving pension benefits.

               In addition, the Company has unfunded supplemental executive
          pension  plans  providing additional  benefits  to  a few  highly
          compensated  employees.    For  1994  such  pension  expense  was
          approximately $60 and the year end  accrual was $115.  Prior year
          expenses and accruals were not material.

               The Company and its domestic subsidiaries also have a number
          of defined contribution plans,  both qualified and non-qualified,
          which allow eligible employees to  withhold a fixed percentage of
          their  salary (maximum 10%) and provide for a Company match based
          on service (maximum  6%).  The  Company's contributions to  these

                                         F-31<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          plans  were approximately $700, $500  and $400 in  1994, 1993 and
          1992, respectively.

          Europe:

               A.L. Oslo has defined benefit plans which cover the majority
          of its employees.  These pension commitments are funded through a
          collective agreement with a  Norwegian insurance company and A.L.
          Oslo makes  annual contributions to  the plan in  accordance with
          Norwegian insurance principles and practices.  In addition to the
          annual  premiums,  A.L. Oslo  has  made  prepayments to  specific
          premium  funds.  These premium  funds are used  to cover ordinary
          future annual premiums.  The pension plan assets are deposited in
          the  insurance company's  general  account  which is  principally
          invested in fixed income securities.

               A.L. Oslo  also maintains a direct  pension arrangement with
          certain employees.   These  pension commitments  are paid  out of
          general assets and the obligations are accrued but not prefunded.

          Net pension cost for  1994, 1993 and 1992 included  the following
          components:

                                             1994      1993    1992    

          Service cost                      $1,009   $  729   $ 658
          Interest cost                        766      895     797
          Actual return on plan assets        (340)     (12)   (467)
          Net amortization and deferral       (178)    (478)    (22)
                                            $1,257   $1,134   $ 966























                                         F-32<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          The following tables  set forth  the plans' funded  status as  of
          December 31, 1994 and 1993:


                                     Assets Exceed      Accumulated
                                      Accumulated         Benefits
                                        Benefits       Exceed Assets 
                                    1994      1993     1994     1993 
          Accumulated benefit 
            obligation:
              Vested               $ 7,337  $ 5,919  $ 1,455   $ 1,070 
              Nonvested                418       90                 77 
                                   $ 7,755  $ 6,009  $ 1,455   $ 1,147 

          Projected benefit 
            obligation             $12,041  $ 9,125  $ 1,503   $ 1,207 
          Fair value of plan 
            assets                  (8,978)  (7,616)       
          Unrecognized net gain 
            (loss)                   2,082    2,356       (7)      109 
          Unrecognized prior 
            service cost              (856)    (811)    (459)     (472)
          Unrecognized net 
            transition obligation   (1,409)  (1,360)     (36)      (36)
          Additional minimum 
            liability                                    454       339 

          Accrued pension costs    $ 2,880  $ 1,694  $ 1,455   $ 1,147 

          The assumptions used were as follows:

                                             1994      1993       1992

          Weighted average discount rate     7.0%      7.0%       8.5%

          Rate of increase in compensation 
            rate                             3.5%      3.5%       5.0%

          Expected long-term rate of return
            on plan assets                   7.0%      7.0%       8.0%

               The  Company's  Danish  subsidiary,  Dumex,  has  a  defined
          contribution  pension plan  for  salaried employees.   Under  the
          plan,  the  Company contributes  a  percentage  of each  salaried
          employee's compensation to an account which is administered by an
          insurance  company.     Pension   expense  under  the   plan  was
          approximately  $1,900, $1,800 and $2,000 in  1994, 1993 and 1992,
          respectively.





                                         F-33<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          11.  Postretirement Benefits:

               The  Company has  an  unfunded  postretirement  medical  and
          nominal  life insurance plan  covering certain domestic employees
          included in the  A.L. Plan as of January 1, 1993.   The plan will
          not be extended to any  additional employees.  Retired  employees
          are  required to contribute for  coverage as if  they were active
          employees.

               The  Company adopted SFAS 106 on January 1, 1993 and elected
          to  recognize   the  change  on  a   delayed  recognition  basis.
          Accordingly,  the   transition  obligation  of  $1,079   will  be
          amortized  over  twenty   years.    The  discount  rate  used  in
          determining  the  1994  and  1993 expense  was  7.25%  and  8.0%,
          respectively.    The    discount  rate  used in  determining  the
          accumulated post  retirement obligation  as of December  31, 1994
          and 1993 was 8.5% and 7.25%,  respectively.  The health care cost
          trend rate was  9.5% declining to  5.0% over  a ten year  period,
          remaining level thereafter.

               The unfunded  plan is  recognized at December  31, 1994  and
          1993 as follows:

                                                          1994      1993

          Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation

             Retirees                                  $  277     $   327
             Fully eligible active participants           180         184
             Other active participants                    819         849
                                                        1,276       1,360
          Unrecognized estimated net loss                 102        (137)
          Unrecognized transition obligation             (971)     (1,025)

             Accrued postretirement benefit cost       $  407     $   198

               The net periodic  postretirement benefit  cost included  the
          following components.  Prior year costs expensed as incurred were
          not material.

                                                  1994       1993

                    Service cost                  $102       $ 94
                    Interest cost                   97         85
                    Amortization of
                      transition obligation         54         54
                                                  $253       $233






                                         F-34<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          12.  Transactions With A. L. Industrier:

                                            Years Ended December 31,   
                                             1994      1993      1992

          Sales to and commissions received
            from A.L. Industrier           $2,805    $2,855     $1,716 

          Compensation received for
            management services rendered to
            A.L. Industrier                $  854    $  876     $1,162

          Inventory purchased from and 
            commissions paid to A.L. 
            Industrier                     $  291    $  580     $1,736

          Net interest received from A.L.
            Industrier                     $  401    $  850     $  851

               The acquisition of  A.L. Oslo  has been accounted  for as  a
          pooling  of interests.    Therefore, prior  period related  party
          transactions   are  now   intercompany  and  eliminated   in  the
          consolidation.    Transactions   between  A.L.   Oslo  and   A.L.
          Industrier which were formerly intercompany are now related party
          transactions. (See Note 1.)

               As of  December 31,  1994 and 1993  there was a  net current
          receivable   of  $673   and  $1,141,   respectively,  from   A.L.
          Industrier.  As of  December 31, 1993, included in  "other assets
          and deferred charges" was a long-term interest bearing receivable
          of  $5,804 from A.L.  Industrier which was  repaid in 1994.   The
          rate of interest at December 31, 1993 was 13%.

               The  Company  and  A.L.  Industrier  have  an administrative
          service  agreement whereby  the  Company is  required to  provide
          management  services  to A.L.  Industrier  with  an initial  term
          through  January  1, 1997.   The  agreement provides  for payment
          equal to the direct  and indirect cost of providing  the services
          subject to a  minimum amount in the initial term.   The agreement
          may  be terminated by either  party upon six  months notice after
          the initial term.

               In addition,  in connection  with the agreement  to purchase
          A.L. Oslo, A.L. Industrier  retained the ownership of the  Skoyen
          manufacturing facility and administrative offices  (not including
          leasehold improvements and manufacturing equipment) and leases it
          to the Company.   The agreement  also permits the Company  to use
          the Skoyen  facility  as collateral  on  existing debt  for  five
          years.  The  Company is required to  pay all expenses  related to
          the  operation and  maintenance of  the facility  in addition  to
          nominal  rent.   The lease  has an  initial 20  year term  and is


                                         F-35<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          renewable at  the then  fair rental  value at  the option  of the
          Company for four consecutive five year terms.

          13.  Contingent Liabilities, Litigation and Commitments:

               In November 1992, a class action complaint was filed against
          the  Company and  certain  senior executives  related to  alleged
          losses as a  result of a decline in the  Company's stock price in
          November 1992.  In the fourth quarter of 1993 the Company settled
          the lawsuit while continuing to deny all facts and liabilities in
          the  matter.   The  gross settlement  amount  was $2,300  with  a
          significant amount  covered by insurance.   The settlement amount
          was paid prior to December 31, 1993.  

               The  Company and its  subsidiaries are,  from time  to time,
          involved in  litigation arising  out  of the  ordinary course  of
          business.   It is the view of management, after consultation with
          counsel, that the ultimate resolution of all pending suits should
          not have a material adverse effect  on the consolidated financial
          position of the Company.  

               In  connection with  a  1991 product  line acquisition,  the
          Company  entered  into a  ten-year manufacturing  agreement which
          requires  the Company to  purchase a  yearly minimum  quantity of
          feed additives on a  cost-plus basis.  If the  minimum quantities
          are not  purchased, the  Company must  reimburse  the supplier  a
          percentage  of  the  fixed   costs  related  to  the  unpurchased
          quantities.  The current  cost of the yearly minimum  quantity is
          approximately $6,000 and the  fixed cost portion is approximately
          20%.   For 1994 and  prior years,  the Company  has purchased  in
          excess of the minimum quantities.


          14. Leases:

               Rental  expense under  operating leases  for 1994,  1993 and
          1992 was $5,513, $5,099 and $4,157, respectively.  Future minimum
          lease  commitments under  non-cancelable operating  leases during
          each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

               Year Ending December 31,

                                 1995        $ 4,200
                                 1996          3,200
                                 1997          2,600
                                 1998          2,400
                                 1999          1,800
                                 Thereafter    5,000
                                             $19,200




                                         F-36<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          15.  Stockholders' Equity:

               The  holders of the Company's Class B Common Stock, (totally
          held  by A. L. Industrier  at December 31,  1994) are entitled to
          elect 66  2/3% of the Board  of Directors of the  Company and may
          convert each  share of Class B  Common Stock held into  one fully
          paid share of Class A Common Stock.  Whenever the  holders of the
          Company's  common stock are entitled to vote as a combined class,
          each holder  of Class A and  Class B Common Stock  is entitled to
          one and four votes, respectively, for each share held.

               In  connection with the acquisition of A.L. Oslo the Company
          issued warrants to  purchase 3,600,000 shares  of Class A  Common
          stock  for  $21.945  per share  through  January  3,  1999.   The
          warrants generally are exercisable on  the earlier of October  3,
          1995 or  the date  the  registration statement  relating to  such
          warrants becomes effective.  (See Note 1.)

               The  number  of  authorized  shares of  Preferred  Stock  is
          500,000;  the number of authorized shares of Class A Common Stock
          is 40,000,000; and  the number  of authorized shares  of Class  B
          Common Stock is 15,000,000.

          16.  Derivatives and Fair Value of Financial Instruments:

               The   Company  currently   uses  the   following  derivative
          financial instruments for purposes other than trading.

          Derivative             Use              Purpose

          Forward    foreign     Frequent         Entered  into to  sell or
          exchange contracts                      buy   both    fixed   and
                                                  anticipated cash flows in
                                                  non-functional
                                                  currencies.

          Interest      rate     Occasional       Entered   into   to   fix
          hedge agreements                        interest     rate     for
                                                  specified    periods   on
                                                  variable  rate  long-term
                                                  debt.
                                 
               At  December  31,  1994  and 1993,  the  Company's  European
          subsidiaries had foreign  currency contracts  outstanding with  a
          notional amount of approximately $19,000.  These contracts called
          for the exchange of  Scandinavian and European currencies  and in
          some cases the  U.S. Dollar to  meet commitments in or  sell cash
          flows generated  in non-functional currencies.   All  outstanding
          contracts expired by February  1995.  At December 31,  1994 there
          were no other derivative contracts outstanding.



                                         F-37<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


               Counterparties  to derivative agreements are major financial
          institutions.   Management believes the risk  of incurring losses
          related to credit risk is remote.

               During  1991  and 1992,  prior  to  its acquisition  by  the
          Company  A.L. Oslo,  whose functional  currency is  the Norwegian
          Kroner (NOK), entered into U.S. Dollar loans and through  foreign
          currency   derivative   contracts   effectively   denominated   a
          significant portion of its  debt in U.S. Dollars.   The favorable
          movement of  the NOK compared to the U.S. Dollar in 1992 resulted
          in foreign exchange gains of approximately $2,400 in 1992.  These
          contracts were terminated in 1992.

               The  carrying amount  reported in  the consolidated  balance
          sheets  for  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,
          accounts  payable  and short-term  debt  approximates  fair value
          because  of  the  immediate   or  short-term  maturity  of  these
          financial instruments.   The  carrying amount reported  for long-
          term debt approximate fair value because a significant portion of
          the underlying debt is at variable rates and reprices frequently.

          17.  Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan: 

               Under  the Company's  1983 Incentive  Stock Option  Plan, as
          amended  (the "Plan"),  the  Company  may  grant options  to  key
          employees to  purchase shares of  Class A Common  Stock.  In  May
          1993  the  Company's  stockholders  approved  an  increase,  from
          1,500,000 to 1,650,000, in the maximum number of shares available
          for grant.  The exercise price of  options granted under the Plan
          may not be less than 100% of the fair market value of the Class A
          Common Stock on the  date of the  grant.  Generally, options  are
          exercisable in installments  of 25% beginning one  year from date
          of  grant.   The Plan  permits a  cash appreciation  right  to be
          granted  to certain employees.   This right must  be exercised at
          the same time the stock option is exercised and is limited to one
          half of the total number of shares being exercised.   Included in
          options outstanding at December 31, 1994  are options to purchase
          1,875  shares with  cash  appreciation rights,  all of  which are
          exercisable.  If an option holder ceases to be an employee of the
          Company  or its subsidiaries for  any reason prior  to vesting of
          any options,  all options which  are not  vested at  the date  of
          termination are forfeited.   As  of December 31,  1994 and  1993,
          options  for  299,373  and  482,748  shares,  respectively,  were
          available for future grant.           









                                         F-38<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          The table below summarizes the activity of the Plan:

                                          Shares        Option        Shares
                                         Outstanding    Price        Exercisable

          Balance at December 31, 1991    460,535   $ 4.58  - $17.63  177,971
           Granted in 1992                 92,500   $19.50  - $19.50
           Canceled in 1992               (26,751)  $ 7.75  - $16.62
           Exercised in 1992              (81,823)  $ 4.58  - $16.62

          Balance at December 31, 1992    444,461   $ 4.58  - $19.50  195,555
           Granted in 1993                122,500   $21.38  - $27.13
           Canceled in 1993               (20,187)  $15.00  - $22.13
           Exercised in 1993              (56,874)  $ 4.58  - $16.62

          Balance at December 31, 1993    489,900   $ 4.58  - $27.13  226,155
            Granted in 1994               207,000   $13.50  - $16.87
            Canceled in 1994              (23,625)  $ 8.75  - $23.13
            Exercised in 1994             ( 1,700)  $ 8.75  - $ 8.75

          Balance at December 31, 1994    671,575   $ 4.58  - $27.13  319,703


               The Company  implemented an Employee Stock  Purchase Plan on
          January  1,  1991.   Eligible employees  of  the Company  and its
          domestic subsidiaries  may authorize payroll deductions  up to 4%
          of their regular base salary to purchase shares of Class A Common
          Stock  at the  fair  market value.    The Company  matches  these
          contributions with an additional contribution equal to 25% of the
          employee's contribution.  Shares are  issued on the  last day  of
          each  calendar quarter.  The  Company's contributions to the plan
          were  approximately $156, $140 and  $115 in 1994,  1993 and 1992,
          respectively.




















                                         F-39<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          18.  Supplemental Data:
                                                 Years Ended December 31,  
                                               1994      1993      1992

             Allowance for doubtful accounts
              receivable at year end         $ 4,897   $ 2,983   $ 2,965
             Research and development
              expense                         32,497    24,032    20,559
             Depreciation expense             18,342    16,096    14,513
             Amortization expense              8,431     7,746     8,158
             Interest cost incurred           16,077    15,258    18,748

             Other income (expense) net:
               Interest income                 1,432     1,915     1,740
               Foreign exchange gains 
                 (losses), net                   (34)      163     2,522
               Other, net                       (285)     (198)     (325)
                                             $ 1,113   $ 1,880   $ 3,937

             Supplemental cash flow information:

             Cash paid for interest
              (net of amount capitalized)    $15,687   $15,025   $18,514
             Cash paid for income taxes        9,228     8,848     3,764 

             Supplemental schedule of 
               noncash investing and
               financing activities:

             Warrants issued                 $ 6,552

             Conversion of debentures to
               common stock, net                                 $59,481   
           

             Fair value of assets acquired   $19,437   $36,461   $18,699
             Cash paid                        13,733    17,280    11,660   
           
             Liabilities assumed             $ 5,704   $19,181   $ 7,039   
           


          19. Discontinued Human Nutrition Business:

               In September  1992, Dumex  completed the disposition  of the
          remaining assets and operations  of the Company's Human Nutrition
          business.   As  a  result, the  Company  has reported  the  Human
          Nutrition   business  as   a   discontinued  operation   in   the
          Consolidated Statement of Operations.

               The table below sets forth a summary  of selected components
          relating  to the  results of  the Human  Nutrition business.   In

                                         F-40<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


          accordance  with applicable  accounting  requirements,  the  only
          amounts  shown  in  the  accompanying Consolidated  Statement  of
          Operations  are   the  amounts   shown  below  as   "Income  from
          discontinued operations, net of tax".

                                                  Year ended
                                                  December 31,  
                                                     1992     

          Revenues                                  $35,496
          Pre-tax Income:
           Operations                               $ 1,067
           Sale of trademarks, 
             intangibles and option 
             fee                                      4,958     
                                                      6,025
          Provision for foreign
            income taxes                                                
              Current                                   404
              Deferred                                  812

          Income from
           Discontinued operations, 
            net of tax                              $ 4,809

               The provision  for income taxes  reflects a rate  lower than
          the statutory rate due  to favorable tax treatment in  Denmark of
          capital gains.

          20.  Information  Concerning  Business  Segments  and  Geographic
          Operations:

               The Company  currently conducts  its business  operations in
          two business  segments: (1) Human Pharmaceuticals  and (2) Animal
          Health.   The  Human Pharmaceuticals  business includes  the U.S.
          Pharmaceutical  Division, International  Pharmaceuticals Division
          including  Oral health  care, and  Fine Chemicals  Division (i.e.
          bulk antibiotics).   The Animal  Health business consists  of the
          Animal Health  Division and  the Aquatic Animal  Health Division.
          The Company's operations outside  the United States are conducted
          primarily in  Europe by the  Company's manufacturing subsidiaries
          in Norway and Denmark.

               In  1994  the  Company combined  with  A.  L.  Oslo and  was
          required to  restate its  prior years  financial statements.   In
          addition, the operating structure  of the Company was reorganized
          to  include  Fine  Chemicals  as part  of  Human  Pharmaceuticals
          instead of being part of the Animal Health business.  As a result
          of  these changes  1993 and  1992 segment  data were  restated to
          include  A. L.  Oslo  and   combine  Fine  Chemicals  with  Human
          Pharmaceuticals.


                                         F-41<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


                                                       Depre- 
                                                       ciation
                                                        and    
                                              Identi-  Amorti-   Capital
                          Total    Operating  fiable   zation    Expendi-
         1994            Revenue    Income(4) Assets   Expense    tures  
     Business segments:
      Human 
       Pharmaceuticals
       ("HP")            $329,113  $(3,850)  $454,685  $20,900   $25,201
      Animal Health
       ("AH")             141,077   28,532    122,804    5,657    18,134
      Unallocated             615   (8,708)    14,829      216       991
      Eliminations         (1,542)       4                              
                         $469,263  $15,978   $592,318  $26,773   $44,326

     Geographic:
      
      United States      $303,270  $ 6,774   $362,359
      Europe and Other    179,714    9,180    230,722
      Eliminations        (13,721)      24       (763)
                         $469,263  $15,978   $592,318

       1993
     Business segments:
     Human
       Pharmaceuticals(1) $219,789  $(2,584)  $326,429  $12,829   $12,828
     Restatement and           
       Reclassification, 
       net(3)               64,950   11,148    101,943    5,951     3,802
      
         HP restated       284,739    8,564    428,372   18,780   $16,630

     Animal Health (1)     119,708   29,987     93,160    4,914     7,723
     Restatement and           
       Reclassification,
       net(3)                (975)  (1,139)    (6,916)     (23)     (579)
         AH restated      118,733   28,848     86,244    4,891     7,144
     Unallocated (1)                (6,479)     3,613       63        46
     A.L. Oslo - 
        unallocated           470     (774)     9,388      108       224
     Eliminations          (1,267)      55                              
                         $402,675  $30,214   $527,617  $23,842    24,044


     Geographic:
     United States (1)    $249,301  $17,404   $319,854
     Europe and Other (2)  164,075   12,853    208,618
     Eliminations          (10,701)     (43)      (855)
                          $402,675  $30,214   $527,617


                                         F-42<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________

                                                        Depre-   
                                                        ciation
                                                        and    
                                              Identi-  Amorti-   Capital
                          Total    Operating  fiable   zation    Expendi-
                         Revenue    Income(4) Assets   Expense    tures  
       1992
     Business segments:
     Human
       Pharmaceuticals(1) $195,380  $ 8,420   $270,867  $12,202   $ 7,873
     Restatement and
       Reclassification,
       net(3)               58,177    9,522    110,899    5,989     7,115
         HP restated       253,557   17,942    381,766   18,191   $14,988

     Animal Health (1)     100,308   24,060     92,236    4,116     6,755
     Restatement and
       Reclassification,
       net(3)                4,061   (1,870)   (11,679)     165      (634)
         AH restated       104,369   22,190     80,557    4,281   $ 6,121

     Unallocated (1)                 (3,986)     8,621       57        69
     A.L. Oslo - 
        unallocated         1,282     (863)    10,069      142       147
     Eliminations            (576)      26                              
                         $358,632  $35,309   $481,013  $22,671    21,325
     Geographic:
      
      United States (1)   $197,645  $18,557   $264,620
      Europe and 
        Other (2)          172,090   16,766    217,840
      Eliminations        (11,103)     (14)    (1,447)
                         $358,632  $35,309   $481,013

     1.  As reported
     2.  1993 and 1992 amounts  increase compared to previously reported  due to
         the restatement.
     3.  Restatement and reclassification,  net - includes  the results of  A.L.
         Oslo and the reclassification  of the Fine Chemicals Division  from the
         Animal Health Segment to the Human Pharmaceutical Segment.
     4.  1994  operating income  includes charges  for post  combination actions
         related to the  acquisition of  A.L. Oslo and  transaction expenses  as
         follows:

               Human Pharmaceuticals    $19,000
               Animal Health              1,950
               Unallocated                3,700
                                        $24,650






                                         F-43<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


     21.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited):



                                             Quarter                    
                                                                        Total
     1994(a)                    First      Second     Third   Fourth    Year

     Total revenue            $107,380  $110,958   $117,438  $133,487  $469,263

     Gross profit               45,230    45,504     48,261    54,725   193,720

     Income loss before 
       extraordinary item        3,551     2,807      4,005   (12,066)  (1,703)

     Net income (loss)(b)      $  3,551  $  2,807   $  4,005  $(12,749) $(2,386)


     Earnings per common share:
      Primary
       Income (loss) before 
         extraordinary item   $    .16  $    .13   $    .19  $   (.56)  $  (.08)
       Net income (loss)      $    .16  $    .13   $    .19  $   (.59)  $  (.11)

      Fully diluted
       Income (loss) before        
         extraordinary item   $    .16  $    .13   $    .19  $   (.56)  $  (.08)
       Net income (loss)      $    .16  $    .13   $    .19  $   (.59)  $  (.11)


     1993(a)

     Total revenue            $ 94,617  $ 97,673   $ 97,418  $112,967  $402,675

     Gross profit               43,179    42,668     38,402    45,003   169,252

     Net income               $  3,952  $  2,877   $    829  $  2,471  $10,129


     Earnings per common share:
      Primary

                                         F-44<PAGE>


                          A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS, Continued
                                  __________________


       Net income             $    .18  $    .13   $    .04  $    .11   $  .47

      Fully diluted
       Net income             $    .18  $    .13   $    .04  $    .11   $  .47

     (a) Financial  information for  all quarters reflects  the retroactive
         effect of the October 1994 combination, accounted for as a pooling
         of interests, with A.L. Oslo (See Note 1.)

     (b) The fourth  quarter 1994  reflects an extraordinary  item for  the
         write  off of deferred loan costs of  $683, net of tax, related to
         the  early  extinguishment  of  debt.   The  fourth  quarter  also
         includes expenses  for transaction  costs and related  charges for
         post-combination  actions  taken  by  management.   Such  expenses
         reduced net income by $17,025 ($.79 per share).  (See Note 3.)




































                                         F-45<PAGE>
                                       A.L. PHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES

                                SCHEDULE II - VALUATION AND QUALIFYING ACCOUNTS

                                           (In thousands of dollars)
<TABLE>
     
     Column A                        Column B          Column C             Column D       Column E

                                                       Additions
                                     Balance at   Charged (Credited) to                    Balance
                                     Beginning    Costs and     Other                      At End
     Description                     of Period    Expenses      Accounts    Deductions     of Period


     Reserve for doubtful accounts:

     Year ended December 31,
               <S>                   <C>            <C>         <C>         <C>            <C>
               1994                  $ 2,983        $1,361      $ 261  *    ($ 208) **     $4,897

               1993                  $ 2,965        $  502     ($ 148) *    ($ 336) **     $2,983

               1992                  $ 2,886        $  588     ($  56) *    ($ 453) **     $2,965



        



                  

       *     Includes $65 and $250 in 1993  and 1992, related to business  acquisitions and ($    ),
             ($152) and  ($150) in 1994,  1993 and 1992,  respectively, related to  foreign currency
             translation adjustments.  Includes ($61) and ($163) of cash collected in 1993 and 1992,
             respectively, on previously written off accounts.

      **     Accounts written off to reserve.
</TABLE>
        







                                                   F-46<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>







                                     CERTIFICATE
                                          OF
                  AMENDED AND RESTATED CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                          OF
                               A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.


                    Jeffrey  E. Smith  and  Beth P.  Hecht  being the  duly
          elected Executive Vice President and Secretary, respectively,  of
          A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.,  a Delaware  corporation  organized and
          existing  under and by virtue  of the General  Corporation Law of
          the State of  Delaware (the "Corporation") do  hereby certify the
          following:

                    1.   That   the   Corporation   filed    its   original
          Certificate  of  Incorporation with  the  Secretary  of State  of
          Delaware on  September 22, 1983, as amended  on February 1, 1984;
          June 16,  1986; June 11,  1987; May 30,  1990; May 22,  1991; and
          October 1, 1993.

                    2.   The Board of Directors of the Corporation approved
          the  foregoing   amendment  and   restatement  pursuant   to  the
          provisions  of  Sections  141(f)  242  and  245  of  the  General
          Corporation  Law of the State  of Delaware and  directed that the
          amendment be submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation for
          their consideration and approval.

                    3.   The Stockholders of  the Corporation approved  the
          foregoing amendment and restatement pursuant to the provisions of
          Section 228,  242 and 245 of  the General Corporation  Law of the
          State of Delaware.<PAGE>





                                 AMENDED AND RESTATED
                             CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION
                                          OF
                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.


                    Pursuant  to  Sections  242  and  245  of  the  General
          Corporation  Law  of  the  State  of  Delaware,  the  undersigned
          Executive  Vice President  and  Secretary of  A.L.  Laboratories,
          Inc.,  a  Delaware  corporation  (the  "Corporation")  do  hereby
          certify that the Certificate  of Incorporation of the Corporation
          shall be amended and restated in its entirety to read as follows:

                                    ARTICLE FIRST.
                    The name of the Corporation is A.L. PHARMA INC.

                                   ARTICLE SECOND.
                    The  address of its  registered office in  the State of
          Delaware is 1013 Centre  Road, in the City of  Wilmington, County
          of New Castle.  The name  of its registered agent at such address
          is Corporation Service Company.

                                    ARTICLE THIRD.
                    The purpose of the Corporation is to conduct any lawful
          business, to exercise any lawful purpose and power, and to engage
          in  any  lawful act  or activity  for  which corporations  may be
          organized under the General Corporation Law of Delaware.

                                   ARTICLE FOURTH.
                    The total number of  shares which the Corporation shall
          have authority to issue shall be  55,500,000 shares, divided into
          three  classes, namely: 500,000 shares of  Preferred Stock of the
          par value of  $1.00 per share (hereinafter sometimes  referred to
          as the  "Preferred Stock");  40,000,000 shares of  Class A Common
          Stock of the par value of $.20 (hereinafter sometimes referred to
          as the "Class A Common Stock"); and 15,000,000  shares of Class B
          Common Stock of  the   par value of  $.20 (hereinafter  sometimes
          referred to as the "Class B Common Stock").

                    The  designation,  relative  rights,   preferences  and
          limitations of the  shares of  each class; the  authority of  the
          Board of  Directors  of  the  Corporation  to  establish  and  to
          designate series of the Preferred Stock and to fix the variations
          in the  relative rights,  preferences and limitations  as between
          such series, and the relative rights, preferences and limitations
          of such series, shall be as follows:

               1.   Preferred Stock.

                    (a)  The  Board  of  Directors of  the  Corporation  is
               authorized, subject to limitations prescribed by law and the
               provisions of  this Section  1 and subparagraph  2(d)(iv) of
               this  Article FOURTH,  to provide  for the  issuance of  the
               Preferred Stock in series, to establish or change the number
               of shares to be included in each such series and  to fix the
               designation, relative rights, preferences and limitations of
               the shares  of each such series.  The authority of the Board<PAGE>





               of Directors of the Corporation with respect to each  series
               shall include, but not  be limited to, determination of  the
               following:

                      (i)  The  number of  shares constituting  that  series
               and the distinctive designation of that series;

                     (ii)  The dividend rate or rates on the shares of  that
               series and/or the method of determining such  rate or rates,
               whether dividends shall be cumulative, and if so, from which
               date or dates;

                    (iii)  Subject to subparagraph 2(d)(iv)  of this Article
               FOURTH, whether and to what extent the shares of that series
               shall  have voting rights  in addition to  the voting rights
               provided  by law, which might  include the right  to elect a
               specified number of directors in any case or if dividends on
               such series were not paid for a specified period of time;

                     (iv)  Whether  the  shares  of  that  series  shall  be
               convertible  into shares  of stock  of any  other series  or
               class,  and,  if  so,  the  terms  and  conditions  of  such
               conversion, including  the price or  prices or  the rate  or
               rates of conversion and the terms of adjustment thereof;

                      (v)  Whether or  not the shares  of that series  shall
               be  redeemable, and, if so, the terms and conditions of such
               redemption, including the date or dates upon or after  which
               they shall be redeemable and the amount per share payable in
               case of  redemption, which  amount may vary  under different
               conditions and at different redemption dates;

                     (vi)  The rights  of the shares  of that  series in the
               event of voluntary  or involuntary liquidation,  dissolution
               or winding up of the Corporation;

                    (vii)  The  obligation, if  any,  of the  Corporation to
               retire shares of that series pursuant to a sinking fund; and

                   (viii)  Any   other  relative   rights,  preferences  and
               limitations of that series.

                    (b)  Subject  to  the  designations,  relative  rights,
               preferences and limitations  provided pursuant to Subsection
               1(a) of this Article FOURTH,  each share of Preferred  Stock
               shall  be of equal rank  with each other  share of Preferred
               Stock.

                    (c)  The  holders  of  Preferred  Stock  shall  not  be
               entitled to vote  as a  class upon a  proposed amendment  to
               this Certificate  of Incorporation to  increase or  decrease
               the number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock.<PAGE>





               2.   Common Stock.

                    (a)  Class A  Common  Stock  and  Class B  Common Stock
               shall  be  identical in  all respects  and shall  have equal
               rights and privileges, except  as otherwise provided in this
               Article FOURTH.

                    (b)  Dividends.   Subject to all  of the rights  of any
               Preferred Stock outstanding from time to time, such dividend
               or  distribution  as  may  be  determined  by  the  Board of
               Directors  of  the  Corporation may  from  time  to  time be
               declared  and paid or made upon the Class A Common Stock and
               Class B  Common Stock out of any source at the time lawfully
               available  for the  payment  of dividends.   Subject  to the
               following  sentence, holders  of  shares  of Class A  Common
               Stock and holders  of shares of  Class B Common Stock  shall
               have the same  rights to dividends and  distributions of the
               Corporation whether paid in  cash, property or stock.   If a
               dividend is to  be paid  in shares of  Class A Common  Stock
               and/or Class B  Common Stock, such dividend  may be declared
               and paid as follows:

                      (i)  Shares of  Class A Common  Stock may be  declared
                    and paid  as dividends on shares of both Class A Common
                    Stock and Class B Common Stock;

                     (ii)  Shares of Class B  Common Stock  may be  declared
                    and  paid as dividends on shares of both Class A Common
                    Stock and Class B Common Stock; or

                    (iii)  Shares of  Class A Common Stock  may be  declared
                    and  paid as  dividends  on  shares of  Class A  Common
                    Stock  and  shares  of  Class B  Common  Stock  may  be
                    declared and  paid as  dividends on  shares of  Class B
                    Common Stock;

               and in  any such  case the  same number  of shares  shall be
               declared and  paid in respect  of each outstanding  share of
               Class A Common  Stock and each outstanding  share of Class B
               Common Stock.

                    The  Corporation shall not  combine or subdivide shares
               of either class  of Common  Stock without at  the same  time
               combining or subdividing shares of the other class of Common
               Stock in the same proportion.

                    (c)  Liquidation.  The  holders of both Class A  Common
               Stock and  Class B Common Stock  shall be entitled  to share
               ratably upon  any liquidation, dissolution or  winding up of
               the affairs of the Corporation (voluntary or involuntary) in
               all  assets  of the  Corporation,  if  any, remaining  after
               payment in full  to the  holders of Preferred  Stock of  the
               preferential amounts,  if any,  to which they  are entitled.
               Neither the consolidation nor  the merger of the Corporation
               with or into  any other corporation  or corporations, nor  a
               reorganization  of the  Corporation alone,  nor the  sale or
               transfer  by the  Corporation  of all  or  any part  of  its<PAGE>





               assets, shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution  or
               winding  up of  the  Corporation for  the  purposes of  this
               Section 2.

                    (d)  Voting.   Subject to the rights  of the holders of
               any Preferred  Stock outstanding  from time to  time, voting
               power shall be  divided between the Class A Common Stock and
               the Class B Common Stock as follows:

                      (i)  Subject to  subparagraphs (d)(v)  and (d)(vi)  of
                    this   Article,  with  respect   to  the   election  of
                    directors, holders of Class A Common  Stock voting as a
                    separate class shall  be entitled to elect  that number
                    of  directors which  constitute  thirty-three and  one-
                    third  percent (33 1/3%)  of the  authorized number  of
                    members  of  the  Board of  Directors  rounded  to  the
                    nearest whole number  of directors.  In no  event shall
                    the  number of  directors  elected  by the  holders  of
                    Class A Common Stock  be less than two (2).  Holders of
                    Class B Common Stock  voting as a separate  class shall
                    be entitled to elect the remaining directors.

                     (ii)  Subject to subparagraph 2(d)(v) of this  Article,
                    any vacancy in  the office of a director elected by the
                    holders of the  Class A Common Stock may be filled by a
                    vote of  such holders  voting as  a separate class  and
                    any vacancy in  the office of a director elected by the
                    holders of the  Class B Common Stock may be filled by a
                    vote of such  holders voting as a separate class or, in
                    the absence of  a stockholder vote,  in the  case of  a
                    vacancy in the office  of a director elected by  either
                    class,  such vacancy  may be  filled  by the  remaining
                    director or  directors elected by  the holders of  such
                    class.   Each director elected to  fill a vacancy shall
                    serve until  the  next annual  meeting of  stockholders
                    and  until his or  her successor has  been duly elected
                    and qualified.   If permitted by the  bylaws, the Board
                    of Directors from  time to time may increase the number
                    of directors,  and any  newly  created directorship  or
                    directorships so created may be filled by  the Board of
                    Directors; provided  that, so  long as  the holders  of
                    Class A  Common  Stock  have  the  rights  provided  in
                    subparagraphs  2(d)(i) of  this Article  in respect  of
                    the  last  preceding annual  meeting  of  stockholders,
                    such newly  created directorship  or directorships  may
                    be filled by  the Board of Directors only to the extent
                    that  at  least  thirty-three   and  one-third  percent
                    (33 1/3%) (or  if such  33 1/3% is  not a whole  number
                    rounded to  the nearest whole  number of directors)  of
                    the directors in  office subsequent to such  filling of
                    such   newly  created   directorship  or  directorships
                    consists  of  directors elected  or  appointed  by  the
                    holders   of  Class A  Common   Stock  or   by  persons
                    appointed  to  fill  vacancies created  by  the  death,
                    resignation  or  removal  of  persons  elected  by  the
                    holders of Class A Common Stock.   If permitted by  the
                    bylaws, the Board of Directors  may decrease the number<PAGE>





                    of directors,  provided that a  decrease in the  number
                    of directors shall not become  effective until the next
                    annual  election  of  directors  by  the  stockholders.
                    Directors may be removed with or without  cause only by
                    holders  of the  class of  Common  Stock which  elected
                    them  voting as  a separate  class;  provided that  any
                    directormay beremoved forcause bythe Boardof Directors.

                    (iii)  The  holders  of  Class A  Common  Stock and  the
                    holders of  Class B Common Stock  shall be entitled  to
                    vote as separate classes on  such other matters as  may
                    be  required  from   time  to  time  by  law   or  this
                    Certificate of  Incorporation to be  submitted to  such
                    holders  voting as  separate classes,  but  not upon  a
                    proposed    amendment    to    this   Certificate    of
                    Incorporation  to increase  or  decrease the  number of
                    authorized shares  of Class A  Common Stock or  Class B
                    Common Stock or otherwise.

                     (iv)  Whenever the holders of shares  of Class A Common
                    Stock and  Class B Common Stock  shall not be  entitled
                    under subparagraph  2(d)(i), 2(d)(ii)  or 2(d)(iii)  of
                    this Article FOURTH  to vote as separate  classes, they
                    shall vote  together as a  single class, provided  that
                    the holders  of shares  of Class A  Common Stock  shall
                    have one  vote per share  of Class A Common  Stock held
                    and  the holders  of  shares  of Class B  Common  Stock
                    shall  have four  votes  per  share of  Class B  Common
                    Stock held.   Whenever such holders are  entitled under
                    subparagraph 2(d)(i),  2(d)(ii)  or 2(d)(iii)  of  this
                    Article FOURTH to vote as  separate classes, holders of
                    Class A Common Stock  voting as a separate  class shall
                    be entitled  to one vote  per share  of Class A  Common
                    Stock held and  holders of Class B Common  Stock voting
                    as a separate class shall  be entitled to one  vote per
                    share of  Class B Common  Stock held.   Notwithstanding
                    anything    contained    in    this   Certificate    of
                    Incorporation  to the  contrary, if  any  new class  or
                    series  of  capital  stock  (including  any   Preferred
                    Stock)  is  authorized  and issued  at  any  time,  the
                    voting  rights granted,  if any,  shall  not limit  the
                    rights of  the holders of  Class A Common  Stock as set
                    forth  in subparagraphs  2(d)(i) and  2(d)(ii) of  this
                    Article FOURTH.

                      (v)  The holders  of shares  of  Class A Common  Stock
                    will not have the rights  to elect directors set  forth
                    in subparagraphs 2(d)(i) and  2(d)(ii) of this  Article
                    FOURTH  if, on  the  record  date for  any  stockholder
                    meeting  at which  directors  are  to be  elected,  the
                    number of  issued  and  outstanding shares  of  Class A
                    Common  Stock (exclusive  of  any  shares held  in  the
                    Corporation's treasury)  is less than ten percent (10%)
                    of  the  aggregate  number of  issued  and  outstanding
                    shares of  Class A  Common  Stock  and  Class B  Common
                    Stock   (exclusive   of   any   shares  held   in   the
                    Corporation's treasury).   In such case,  all directors<PAGE>





                    to be elected at such  meeting shall be elected  by the
                    holders of  Class A  Common  Stock and  Class B  Common
                    Stock voting together  as a single class  in accordance
                    with  the provisions of  subparagraph 2(d)(iv)  of this
                    Article FOURTH.

                     (vi)  The holders  of  shares of  Class B Common  Stock
                    will  not have  the rights  to elect  directors and  to
                    have four votes per share at a stockholder  meeting set
                    forth  in subparagraph  2(d)(i)  and 2(d)(iv)  of  this
                    Article  FOURTH  if,   on  the  record  date   for  any
                    stockholder  meeting  at  which  directors  are  to  be
                    elected or at which any other matter is to be put to  a
                    vote   of  stockholders,  the   number  of  issued  and
                    outstanding  shares of Class B  Common Stock (exclusive
                    of any shares  held in the Corporation's  treasury), is
                    less than twelve and one-half  percent (12-1/2%) of the
                    aggregate  number of issued  and outstanding  shares of
                    Class A   Common   Stock  and   Class B   Common  Stock
                    (exclusive  of  any shares  held  in  the Corporation's
                    treasury).    In  such case,  the  holders  of  Class A
                    Common Stock  and the holders  of Class B Common  Stock
                    that are  entitled to vote  at such meeting  shall vote
                    together  as  a  single  class,  with  each  holder  of
                    Class B Common  Stock entitled  to one  vote per  share
                    and each  holder of  Class A Common  Stock entitled  to
                    one vote per share.

                    (e)  Conversion.  Each holder  of record of a share  of
               Class B Common Stock may at any  time or from time to  time,
               at  such holder's option, convert any whole number or all of
               such holder's shares of Class B Common Stock into fully paid
               and nonassessable shares of Class A Common Stock at the rate
               of  one  share of  Class A Common  Stock  for each  share of
               Class B Common  Stock surrendered for conversion.   Any such
               conversion may be effected by  any holder of Class B  Common
               Stock   by   surrendering  such   holder's   certificate  or
               certificates  of the  shares of  Class B Common Stock  to be
               converted, duly  endorsed, at the office  of the Corporation
               or any transfer agent for the Class A Common Stock, together
               with a written notice to the Corporation at such office that
               such holder  elects  to convert  all  or a  specified  whole
               number of  such shares  of Class B  Common Stock.   Promptly
               thereafter, the Corporation shall  issue and deliver to such
               holder  a  certificate or  certificates  for  the number  of
               shares of Class A Common Stock to which such holder shall be
               entitled as  aforesaid.  Such conversion  shall be effective
               at the close  of business on the date of  such surrender and
               the  person  or persons  entitled to  receive the  shares of
               Class A Common  Stock issuable  on such conversion  shall be
               treated  for all purposes as the record holder or holders of
               such shares of Class A Common Stock on such date.

               3.   General  Provisions  With  Respect  to All  Classes  of
                    Stock.<PAGE>





                    (a)  Issue of Stock.   Shares of  capital stock of  the
               Corporation may  be issued by  the Corporation from  time to
               time  in   such  amounts   and  proportions  and   for  such
               consideration (not less  than the par  value thereof in  the
               case of capital stock having par value) as  may be fixed and
               determined from time to  time by the Board of  Directors and
               as shall be permitted by law.

                    (b)  Unclaimed Dividends.   Any and  all right,  title,
               interest  and claim in or  to any dividends  declared by the
               Corporation, whether in cash,  stock or otherwise, which are
               unclaimed by  the stockholder entitled thereto  for a period
               of  six years  after the  close of  business on  the payment
               date,  shall  be  and  be  deemed  to  be  extinguished  and
               abandoned; and such unclaimed dividends in the possession of
               the  Corporation, its  transfer  agents or  other agents  or
               depositaries,  shall  at  such   time  become  the  absolute
               property of the Corporation,  free and clear of any  and all
               claims of any persons whatsoever.

                                    ARTICLE FIFTH.
                    The Corporation is to have perpetual existence.

                                    ARTICLE SIXTH.
                    In  furtherance and  not  in limitation  of the  powers
          conferred  by  statute,  the  Board  of  Directors  is  expressly
          authorized  to  make,  alter,  or  repeal  the   by-laws  of  the
          Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE SEVENTH.

                                      Section 1

                    A director  of the Corporation shall  not be personally
          liable  to  the  Corporation  or its  stockholders  for  monetary
          damages  for breach of fiduciary  duty as a  director, except for
          liability (i) for any breach of the director's duty of loyalty to
          the Corporation  or its stockholders, (ii) for  acts or omissions
          not  in good faith or  which involve intentional  misconduct or a
          knowing violation of law, (iii) under Section 174 of the Delaware
          General Corporation  Law, or (iv) for any  transaction from which
          the director  derived  any improper  personal  benefit.   If  the
          Delaware General Corporation Law is amended after approval by the
          stockholders  of  this  Article  SEVENTH  to  authorize corporate
          action further eliminating or  limiting the personal liability of
          directors, then the  liability of a  director of the  Corporation
          shall be eliminated or limited to the fullest extent permitted by
          the Delaware General Corporation Law, as so amended.

                    Any repeal  or modification of the  foregoing paragraph
          by the stockholders of the Corporation shall not adversely affect
          any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing
          at the time of such repeal or modification.<PAGE>





                                      Section 2

                    (a)  Right to Indemnification.   Each person who was or
               is made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is
               otherwise involved (including  involvement as a witness)  in
               any  action, suit  or proceeding,  whether  civil, criminal,
               administrative     or    investigative     (hereinafter    a
               "proceeding"), by reason  of the fact that  he or she  is or
               was a director  or officer  of the Corporation  or, while  a
               director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at
               the  request  of the  Corporation  as  a director,  officer,
               employee   or  agent   of  another   corporation  or   of  a
               partnership,  joint  venture,  trust  or  other  enterprise,
               including service  with respect to an  employee benefit plan
               (hereinafter  an "indemnitee"),  whether the  basis of  such
               proceeding is alleged  action in an  official capacity as  a
               director or officer  or in any other  capacity while serving
               as a  director  or officer,  shall be  indemnified and  held
               harmless by the Corporation to the fullest extent authorized
               by the  Delaware General Corporation Law, as the same exists
               or may hereafter  be amended (but, in  the case of any  such
               amendment, only  to the  extent that such  amendment permits
               the  Corporation to  provide broader  indemnification rights
               than   permitted  prior   thereto),  against   all  expense,
               liability  and loss  (including attorneys'  fees, judgments,
               fines, ERISA excise  taxes or penalties and  amounts paid in
               settlement)   reasonably  incurred   or  suffered   by  such
               indemnitee  in connection therewith and such indemnification
               shall  continue as to an  indemnitee who has  ceased to be a
               director, officer, employee or agent  and shall inure to the
               benefit   of   the   indemnitee's   heirs,   executors   and
               administrators; provided, however,  that, except as provided
               in  paragraph (b)  hereof  with  respect to  proceedings  to
               enforce  rights  to indemnification,  the  Corporation shall
               indemnify   any  such  indemnitee   in  connection   with  a
               proceeding (or  part thereof)  initiated by  such indemnitee
               only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized  by
               the Board of  Directors of  the Corporation.   The right  to
               indemnification   conferred  in  this  Section  shall  be  a
               contract right and shall include the right to be paid by the
               Corporation  the expenses  incurred in  connection  with any
               such   proceeding  in  advance   of  its  final  disposition
               (hereinafter  an  "advancement   of  expenses");   provided,
               however,  that,  if and  to  the  extent that  the  Delaware
               General Corporation Law requires, an advancement of expenses
               incurred  by an indemnitee in  his or her  capacity in which
               service was  or is  rendered by such  indemnitee, including,
               without  limitation, service  to an  employee  benefit plan)
               shall  be made only upon  delivery to the  Corporation of an
               undertaking (hereinafter an "undertaking"),  by or on behalf
               of such indemnitee, to  repay all amounts so advanced  if it
               shall ultimately  be determined  by final  judicial decision
               from which there is no  further right to appeal (hereinafter
               a "final adjudication") that such indemnitee is not entitled
               to be indemnified  for such expenses  under this Section  or
               otherwise.<PAGE>





                    (b)  Right of Indemnitee to Bring Suit.  If a claim for
               indemnification  (including  the  advancement  of  expenses)
               under paragraph (a) of this  Section is not paid in  full by
               the Corporation within forty-five days after a written claim
               has  been received by the Corporation, except in the case of
               a  claim for an advancement  of expenses, in  which case the
               applicable period  shall be twenty days,  the indemnitee may
               at any time thereafter bring suit against the Corporation to
               recover  the unpaid amount of  the claim.   If successful in
               whole or in part in any such  suit, or in a suit brought  by
               the  Corporation  to  recover  an  advancement  of  expenses
               pursuant  to the  terms  of an  undertaking, the  indemnitee
               shall be entitled to be paid also the expense of prosecuting
               or  defending such  suit.    In  any  suit  brought  by  the
               indemnitee to  enforce a right to  indemnification hereunder
               (but  not in a  suit brought by the  indemnitee to enforce a
               right to an advancement  of expenses) it shall be  a defense
               that the indemnitee has not  met the applicable standard  of
               conduct set  forth in the Delaware  General Corporation Law.
               In  any suit by the Corporation to recover an advancement of
               expenses  pursuant  to  the  terms  of  an  undertaking  the
               Corporation shall be entitled  to recover such expenses upon
               a final  adjudication that the  indemnitee has  not met  the
               applicable  standard of  conduct set  forth in  the Delaware
               General  Corporation  Law.    Neither  the  failure  of  the
               Corporation (including  its Board of  Directors, independent
               legal  counsel,   or  its  stockholders)  to   have  made  a
               determination  that indemnification  of  the  indemnitee  is
               proper in  the circumstances because the  indemnitee has met
               the applicable standard of conduct set forth in the Delaware
               General Corporation Law, nor  an actual determination by the
               Corporation (including  its Board of  Directors, independent
               legal counsel, or its  stockholders) that the indemnitee has
               not met such  applicable standard of conduct, shall create a
               presumption that  the indemnitee has not  met the applicable
               standard  of conduct or, in the case  of such a suit brought
               by  the indemnitee, be a defense to  such suit.  In any suit
               brought   by  the   indemnitee   to  enforce   a  right   to
               indemnification  or to an advancement of expenses hereunder,
               or by the Corporation to recover  an advancement of expenses
               pursuant  to the  terms  of an  undertaking,  the burden  of
               proving  that   the  indemnitee   is  not  entitled   to  be
               indemnified, or to such  advancement of expenses, under this
               section or otherwise shall be on the Corporation.

                    (c)  Service for Subsidiaries.  Any person serving as a
               director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation,
               partnership, joint venture or other enterprise, at least 50%
               of  whose  equity interests  are  owned  by the  Corporation
               (hereinafter a "subsidiary"), shall be conclusively presumed
               to  be  serving  in such  capacity  at  the  request of  the
               Corporation.

                    (d)  Reliance.    Persons who  after  the  date of  the
               adoption  of this  provision become  or remain  directors or
               officers of  the Corporation  or who,  while  a director  or
               officer  of the  Corporation, become  or remain  a director,<PAGE>





               officer,  employee  or  agent  of  a  subsidiary,  shall  be
               conclusively  presumed  to  have  relied on  the  rights  to
               indemnity  and advancement  of  expenses  contained in  this
               Article Seventh in entering into or continuing such service.
               The  rights to  indemnification  and to  the advancement  of
               expenses  conferred in  this Section  shall apply  to claims
               made against an  indemnitee arising out of acts or omissions
               which occurred  or occur  both prior  and subsequent  to the
               adoption hereof.

                    (e)  Non-Exclusivity   of  Rights.     The   rights  to
               indemnification and to the advancement of expenses conferred
               in  this Section shall not  be exclusive of  any other right
               which any  person may have  or hereafter acquire  under this
               Certificate of  Incorporation or under any  statute, by-law,
               agreement, vote of  stockholders or disinterested  directors
               or otherwise.

                    (f)  Insurance. The Corporation may maintain insurance,
               at its expense, to protect itself and any director, officer,
               employee or agent of the Corporation or another corporation,
               partnership,   joint  venture,  trust  or  other  enterprise
               against  any expense, liability or loss,  whether or not the
               Corporation would  have the  power to indemnify  such person
               against such  expense, liability or loss  under the Delaware
               General Corporation Law.

                    (g)  Indemnification  of  Employees and  Agents  of the
               Corporation.  The Corporation  may, to the extent authorized
               from time to time by the Board of Directors, grant rights to
               indemnification and  to the advancement of  expenses, to any
               employee  or agent of the Corporation  to the fullest extent
               of  the  provisions of  this  Section  with  respect to  the
               indemnification and advancement of expenses of directors and
               officers of the Corporation.

                                   ARTICLE EIGHTH.
                    Meetings of stockholders may  be held within or without
          the State  of Delaware, as the by-laws may provide.  The books of
          the Corporation may be kept (subject  to any provisions contained
          in the statutes) outside the State  of Delaware at such place  or
          places  as may be  designated from time  to time by  the Board of
          Directors or in  the by-laws  of the Corporation.   Elections  of
          directors need not be by written ballot unless the by-laws of the
          Corporation shall so provide.

                                    ARTICLE NINTH.
                    No   contract   or   other   transaction   between  the
          Corporation  and one  or more  of its  directors or  officers, or
          between the  Corporation and any other  corporation, partnership,
          association or other entity in which one or more of its directors
          or  officers,  are directors  or  officers, or  have  a financial
          interest,  shall  be void  or  voidable  solely because  of  such
          relationship  or  interest, or  solely  because  the director  or
          officer is present at or participates in the meeting of the Board
          of  Directors or  committee of  the Corporation  which authorizes<PAGE>





          such contract  or transaction,  or  solely because  his or  their
          votes are counted for such purpose, if:

                    (1)  The material  facts  as  to  his  relationship  or
               interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed
               or are known to the Board of Directors or the committee, and
               the Board of Directors or committee in good faith authorizes
               the contract  or transaction by  the affirmative votes  of a
               majority  of the  disinterested  directors, even  though the
               disinterested directors be less than a quorum; or

                    (2)  The  material  facts  as  to his  relationship  or
               interest and as to the contract or transaction are disclosed
               or  are known to the stockholders  entitled to vote thereon,
               and the contract or  transaction is specifically approved in
               good faith by vote of the stockholders; or

                    (3)  The  contract or  transaction  is fair  as to  the
               Corporation  as of  the time it  is authorized,  approved or
               ratified, by  the Board  of Directors,  a  committee or  the
               stockholders of the Corporation.

               Any  director or officer of  the Corporation, who  is also a
               director or officer of  such other corporation, partnership,
               association  or other entity, or who is so interested may be
               counted in determining the presence of a quorum at a meeting
               of  the  Board  of Directors  or  of  any  committee of  the
               Corporation   which  authorizes   any   such   contract   or
               transaction.

                                    ARTICLE TENTH.
                    The Corporation  reserves the right to  amend or repeal
          any provision  contained in this Certificate  of Incorporation in
          the manner now or hereafter prescribed by statute, and all rights
          conferred upon  stockholders herein  are granted subject  to this
          reservation.<PAGE>





                    IN   WITNESS  WHEREOF,   the  undersigned,   being  the
          Executive Vice  President and  the Secretary of  the Corporation,
          under the  penalties of  perjury, do  hereby declare  and certify
          that this  act and deed of  the Corporation and the  facts stated
          herein are true, and accordingly has hereunto signed this Amended
          and  Restated Certificate of Incorporation as of this 30th day of
          September, 1994.


                                        A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.



                                        By:  /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith
                                        Name:  Jeffrey E. Smith
                                        Title:  Executive Vice President







          Attest:



          By:   /s/ Beth P. Hecht
          Name:  Beth P. Hecht
          Title:  Secretary<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-3
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>







                                                 EFFECTIVE: OCTOBER 3, 1994

                                 AMENDED AND RESTATED

                                        BYLAWS

                                          of

                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.
                     (formerly known as A.L. Laboratories, Inc.)

                                A Delaware Corporation


                                     ARTICLE ONE

                                       Offices

                    Section 1.1    Principal   Executive   Office.      The
          corporation's headquarters  and principal executive  office shall
          be located at One Executive Drive, Fort Lee, New Jersey 07024.

                    Section 1.2.   Other Offices.  The corporation may also
          have  offices at such other  places, both within  and without the
          State of Delaware,  as the  Board of Directors  may from time  to
          time determine or the business of the corporation may require.

                                     ARTICLE TWO

                               Meetings of Stockholders

                    Section 2.1.   Annual Meetings.   An annual  meeting of
          the  stockholders  shall be  held  for  the  purpose of  electing
          directors  and conducting such other  business as may come before
          the meeting.   The  date, time  and place of  the annual  meeting
          shall  be  determined  by or  under  authority  of  the Board  of
          Directors.

                    Section 2.2.   Special Meetings.  A special  meeting of
          stockholders  for any purpose may  be called by  the President of
          the  Corporation, and  shall be  called by  the Secretary  at the
          request in  writing of a majority of the Board of Directors or of
          the stockholders entitled to cast at least one-tenth of the votes
          which all  stockholders are  entitled to  cast at  the particular
          meeting.  Such request shall state the purpose or purposes of the
          proposed special meeting.   The  time and place  of each  special
          meeting  of stockholders  shall  be determined  by  or under  the
          authority of the  Board of  Directors, provided that  if no  such
          determination  shall be made prior  to the mailing  of the notice
          for such meeting,  the time and  place for such meeting  shall be
          determined by the President.

                    Section 2.3.   Notice.  Written  or  printed notice  of
          every annual or special meeting of the  stockholders, stating the<PAGE>





          place,  date, time,  and, in  the case  of special  meetings, the
          purpose  or  purposes  of   such  meeting,  shall  be  given   to
          titleholders  entitled to vote at such meeting not less than ten,
          nor more  than sixty, days before  the date of the  meeting.  All
          such notices shall be given by mail or  by other means reasonably
          selected by or  at the direction  of the Board of  Directors, the
          President  or the Secretary.  Notices which shall be mailed shall
          be deemed to  be "given" when deposited in the United States mail
          addressed to the stockholder at his  or her address as it appears
          on  the records of the corporation, with postage prepaid, and any
          notice transmitted other  than by  mail shall be  deemed to  have
          been "given" when delivered  either to the stockholder or  to any
          person  reasonably   requested  to   cause  such  notice   to  be
          transmitted to such stockholder.

                    Section 2.4    Stockholders  List.   The  corporation's
          Secretary  shall cause  to be  maintained a  stock ledger  of the
          corporation.  The corporation's Secretary shall cause to be made,
          at least ten  days before  every meeting of  the stockholders,  a
          complete  list  of  the stockholders  entitled  to  vote  at such
          meeting arranged in alphabetical order, specifying the address of
          and  the  number  of  shares  registered  in  the  name  of  each
          stockholder.  Such  list shall be open to  the examination of any
          stockholder,  for  any purpose  germane  to  the meeting,  during
          ordinary business hours, for  a period of at least ten days prior
          to the  meeting, either at  the corporation's headquarters  or at
          such other place as  the corporation's Secretary shall reasonably
          designate.  The list shall also be produced and kept  at the time
          and place of the  meeting during the whole time  thereof, and may
          be inspected by any stockholder who is present.

                    Section 2.5.   Quorum.  Except as otherwise provided by
          statute or by the Certificate of Incorporation, a quorum shall be
          deemed  to be present at any meeting of stockholders for purposes
          of any  given matter  to be  voted upon at  such meeting  if such
          meeting shall be attended  by persons entitled (either personally
          or by proxy) to vote stock  representing a majority of the poten-
          tial  voting power  with respect  to such  matter (as  defined in
          Section  2.9(c)  of these  bylaws).   If  a  quorum shall  not be
          present for purposes of any given matter to be voted  upon at any
          meeting, the holders of the relevant stock (as defined in Section
          2.9(d)  of  these  bylaws) may,  by  the  affirmative  vote of  a
          majority of the  voting power represented by such relevant stock,
          adjourn the meeting insofar as it relates to the  given matter to
          another  time and/or place.   Unless the adjournment  is for more
          than  thirty days  or unless  a new  record date  is set  for the
          adjourned  meeting, no  notice of  the adjourned meeting  need be
          given to any stockholder provided that  the time and place of the
          adjourned meeting shall  have been  announced at  the meeting  at
          which such adjournment shall  have been taken.  At  the adjourned
          meeting  the corporation  may transact  any business  which might
          have been transacted  at the original  meeting, provided that  no
          business shall be  transacted at such adjourned  meeting on which
          any class  of stock is entitled to be voted which class shall not<PAGE>





          have  been permitted to participate  in the vote  to postpone the
          meeting.

                    Section 2.6.   Vote Required.  When a quorum is present
          at  any meeting with  respect to any given  matter, a majority of
          the voting power represented by the relevant stock (as defined in
          Section 2.9(c) of these bylaws) shall be necessary and sufficient
          to approve such matter, except that:  (i) if the given matter  is
          one  upon which by express provisions of an applicable statute or
          of the Certificate of Incorporation a different vote is required,
          such express provision shall  govern and control the decision  of
          such question, and  (ii) directors shall be  elected by plurality
          vote.

                    Section 2.7.   Proxies.      At    all   meetings    of
          stockholders, a stockholder may vote by proxy executed in writing
          by  the stockholder or by  his duly authorized  attorney in fact.
          Such proxy shall be  filed with the Secretary of  the corporation
          before commencement of the meeting or at such later time as shall
          be expressly permitted by the corporate officer presiding at such
          meeting.  No proxy shall be valid after three years from the date
          of its execution, unless otherwise provided in the proxy.

                    Section 2.8.   Governing  Rules.   The  President shall
          preside at any  meeting of any of the corporation's stockholders,
          provided that if the President shall be unable or unwilling to so
          preside, then a person designated by the Board of Directors shall
          preside.   The person  presiding  at any  meeting of  any of  the
          corporation's stockholders shall have the power to make rules and
          decisions  (i) as to whether and to what extent proxies presented
          at  the meeting  shall be  recognized as  valid, (ii)  as to  the
          procedure for taking and counting votes at such meeting, (iii) as
          to  procedures for  the  conduct of  such  meeting, and  (iv)  to
          resolve any questions  which may be raised at  such meeting.  The
          person  presiding at  any  meeting of  any  of the  corporation's
          stockholders shall have the  right to delegate any of  the powers
          contemplated  by this Section 2.8 to such other person or persons
          as the person presiding deems desirable.

                    Section 2.9.   Certain Definitions.

                    (a)  Entitled  to be Voted.  A share in any given class
          of  the  corporation's  capital  stock  shall  be  deemed  to  be
          "entitled to  be voted" with  respect to any given  matter at any
          meeting of  the  corporation's stockholders  if (i)  it shall  be
          outstanding at the record date for such meeting and (ii) stock in
          such class shall  have the right to be voted  with respect to the
          given matter at such meeting.

                    (b)  Voting Power.  The "voting power" of any  share of
          stock  issued by the corporation with respect to any given matter
          to be voted upon at any meeting of the corporation's stockholders
          shall be  equal to the  size of the  vote which such  share would
          entitle its owner of record at the  regular date for such meeting<PAGE>





          to cast  at such meeting with  respect to a given  matter if such
          record owner were  present at  such meeting.   For example,  with
          respect to  any matter  on which  the holders  of Class A  Common
          Stock and Class B Common Stock  are entitled to vote together and
          neither the Class A Common Stock  nor the Class B Common Stock is
          entitled to vote  as a separate  class, the "voting  power" of  a
          share  of Class A Common Stock shall  be one vote and the "voting
          power" of a share of Class B Common Stock shall be four votes.

                    (c)  Potential  Voting  Power.   The  "potential voting
          power" with respect  to any given matter to be  voted upon at any
          meeting of any  of the corporation's stockholders  shall be equal
          to the  aggregate voting power of all shares of stock entitled to
          be voted with respect to such matter at such meeting.

                    (d)  Relevant Stock.   Stock issued  by the corporation
          shall be deemed to be "relevant stock" with respect to  any given
          matter  to  be  voted   upon  at  any  meeting  of   any  of  the
          corporation's stockholders if both (i) such stock is entitled  to
          be voted with respect to the given matter and (ii) one or more of
          the persons attending  the meeting in  person or  by proxy has  a
          right to vote such stock by reason of being the  record holder of
          such stock at the record date established for such meeting or  by
          reason of  holding voting  rights assigned by  the record  holder
          entitled to vote such stock.

                                    ARTICLE THREE

                                      Directors

                    Section 3.1.   General  Powers.     The  business   and
          affairs  of  the corporation  shall be  managed  by its  Board of
          Directors.  The term "Board" whenever it is used  in these bylaws
          means the corporation's Board  of Directors.  In addition  to the
          powers  and  authorities expressly  conferred  upon  it by  these
          bylaws,  the Board of Directors  may exercise all  such powers of
          the corporation and do all such lawful acts and things as are not
          by statute or  by the  Certificate of Incorporation  or by  these
          bylaws  directed or  required  to be  exercised  or done  by  the
          stockholders.

                    Section 3.2.   Number of Directorship Positions.

                    (a)  Number of Directors.  Except as otherwise provided
          in  paragraph  (b)  of this  Section  3.2,  there  shall be  nine
          positions on the corporation's Board of Directors.

                    (b)  Board's Power  to Alter  The Number of  Directors.
          The  corporation's  Board  of  Directors  shall  have  the  power
          (subject  to any  limitations  prescribed by  the Certificate  of
          Incorporation) by  a  resolution  adopted  by  not  less  than  a
          majority of  all directors  serving on the  Board at the  time of

                                          4<PAGE>





          such  adoption to  alter at any  time and  from time  to time the
          number  of total directorship positions  on the Board.   Upon the
          adoption  of  any  resolution  in  the  manner  provided  in  the
          preceding sentence, the total number of directorship positions on
          the corporation's Board of Directors shall be equal to the number
          specified  in such resolution.   If the Board  shall determine to
          reduce the  number of  directorship positions,  then the term  of
          each incumbent member shall end upon the election of directors at
          the  next annual meeting  of stockholders of  the corporation and
          the persons  elected to fill such reduced  number of directorship
          positions shall be deemed to be the successors to all persons who
          shall have previously held such directorship positions.

                    Section 3.3.   Regular Meetings.   Regular meetings  of
          the Board  of Directors may be  held without notice at  such time
          and at such  place as shall  from time to  time be determined  by
          resolution of the Board.

                    Section 3.4.   Special Meetings.   Special meetings  of
          the Board of Directors may be called by  or at the request of the
          President  or any  three directors.   The  person or  persons who
          call(s) an special meeting of the Board of Directors  may fix the
          time and place at which the meeting shall be held.

                    Section 3.5.   Notice.  Notice  of any special  meeting
          shall be given at least twenty-four hours prior thereto if notice
          is given directly to the director by telephone or in person or at
          least  two days  prior thereto  if notice  is given  by telegram,
          telex or by any  other method reasonably calculated to  cause the
          notice  to  be  delivered  within  twenty-four  hours  after  its
          transmission or at least  five days prior thereto  if transmitted
          by mail.   If mailed, such  notice shall be deemed  to be "given"
          when deposited  in  the  United  States  mail  addressed  to  the
          director  at either his business address or such other address as
          the   officer  sending  such   notice  shall  reasonably  believe
          appropriate, with postage thereon prepaid.  If notice be given by
          telegram, telex,  or other method reasonably  calculated to reach
          the  director within  twenty-four hours  after its  transmission,
          such  notice shall  be deemed to  be "given"  when the  notice so
          addressed  either is  delivered  to an  independent company  with
          instructions  for prompt  transmission  or is  transmitted.   Any
          director may waive  notice of  any meeting by  signing a  written
          waiver  of  notice  either before  or  after  the  meeting.   The
          attendance of a director at any meeting shall constitute a waiver
          of  notice of  such meeting,  except where  a director  attends a
          meeting for  the express purpose of objecting  to the transaction
          of any business  because the  meeting is not  lawfully called  or
          convened.   Neither  the business  to be  transacted at,  nor the
          purpose  of, any  regular  or special  meeting  of the  Board  of
          Directors need be specified in the notice or waiver of  notice of
          such meeting.


                                          5<PAGE>





                    Section 3.6.   Quorum.  Except as otherwise provided in
          the corporation's  Certificate of Incorporation  or by applicable
          law, directors holding a  majority of the positions on  the Board
          of Directors established pursuant to Section  3.2 of these bylaws
          shall  constitute a  quorum  for transaction  of business  at any
          meeting of  the Board of Directors; provided  that if less than a
          majority  of such number of directors are present at any meeting,
          a  majority of the directors present may adjourn the meeting from
          time to time without further notice until a quorum is obtained.

                    Section 3.7.   Manner of  Voting.  Except  as otherwise
          provided by  applicable law, in the  corporation's Certificate of
          Incorporation  or  in these  bylaws, the  affirmative vote  by at
          least a majority of the directors present at any meeting at which
          a  quorum shall be present  shall be necessary  and sufficient to
          approve  any action within the  Board's power, and  any action so
          approved by such a majority shall be deemed to have been approved
          by the  Board of Directors.  A director of the corporation who is
          present at a meeting of the Board of Directors at which action on
          any corporate matter is  taken shall be conclusively presumed  to
          have asserted to  the action  taken unless his  dissent shall  be
          entered in the minutes of the meeting or unless he shall file his
          written  dissent to  such action  with the  person acting  as the
          Secretary  of the meeting before the adjournment thereof or shall
          forward such dissent by  registered mail to the Secretary  of the
          corporation  immediately  after the  adjournment of  the meeting.
          Such right  to dissent shall not apply to a director who voted in
          favor of such action.

                    Section 3.8.   Action by Directors  Without a  Meeting.
          Any action  required or permitted to  be taken at any  meeting of
          the  Board of  Directors  or any  Board  Committee may  be  taken
          without a  meeting if all  members of the Board  or Committee (as
          the case may  be) consent thereto in writing,  and the writing or
          writings are filed with  the minutes of proceedings of  the Board
          or Committee.  In the event one or more positions on the Board or
          any Board Committee shall be vacant  at the time of the execution
          of any such consent, such consent shall nevertheless be effective
          if it  shall be signed by  all persons serving as  members of the
          Board or such Committee  (as the case may be) at such time and if
          the persons signing  the consent would be able to take the action
          called  for by the consent  at a properly  constituted meeting of
          the Board or such Committee (as the case may be).

                    Section 3.9.   Compensation.   No  director who  is  an
          employee of  the corporation  or  any of  its subsidiaries  shall
          receive any stated salary or fee  for his service as director.  A
          director who is not an employee may receive such compensation for
          his services  as  a director  as is  fixed by  resolution of  the
          Board.  Members of any Board or other Committee may  receive such
          compensation for their duties as committee members as is fixed by
          resolution  of the Board of Directors.  All directors and members

                                          6<PAGE>





          of  Board  Committees  shall  be reimbursed  for  their  expenses
          reasonably incurred to attend meetings.


                                     ARTICLE FOUR

                                   Board Committees

                    Section 4.1.   General.

                    (a)  Establishment.  The Board  shall have the power to
          establish committees consisting exclusively of  directors of this
          corporation and (subject to the limitations  set forth in Section
          4.1(d)  of these bylaws) delegate to any such committee any power
          exercisable  by   the  Board  of  Directors,   including  without
          limitation the power  and authority to  declare dividends and  to
          authorize the issuance of  stock.  The term "Board  Committee" as
          used in these bylaws means any committee comprised exclusively of
          directors of  the corporation  which  is identified  as a  "Board
          Committee" either in these  bylaws or in any resolutions  adopted
          by the Board.

                    (b)  Membership.   The Board  shall have the  power to:
          (i)  establish the number  of membership positions  on each Board
          Committee from time to  time and change the number  of membership
          positions on such Committee  from time to time; (ii)  appoint any
          director  to  membership  on  any Board  Committee  who  shall be
          willing  to serve on such Committee; (iii) remove any person from
          membership on any Board Committee without cause; and (iv) appoint
          any director to membership on any Board Committee as an alternate
          member.    A person s  membership  on any  Board  Committee shall
          automatically terminate when such person ceases to be  a director
          of the corporation.

                    (c)  Powers.   Except as  otherwise provided in Section
          4.1(d) of these bylaws,  each Board Committee shall have  and may
          exercise all the powers  and authority of the Board  of Directors
          in  the management of the business and affairs of the corporation
          to the  extent (but  only  to the  extent) such  powers shall  be
          expressly delegated to it by the Board or by these bylaws.

                    (d)  Reserved  Powers.  No  Board Committee  shall have
          the right or  power to: amend  the Certificate of  Incorporation;
          adopt an agreement  of merger or consolidation;  recommend to the
          stockholders the sale, lease or exchange of  all or substantially
          all of the  corporation's property and  assets; recommend to  the
          stockholders a  dissolution of the corporation or a revocation of
          a dissolution; amend the bylaws  of the corporation; amend, alter
          or repeal any resolution adopted by the Board  which by its terms
          precludes  such action  by  such Committee;  or  take any  action
          contrary to an express directive issued by the Board.


                                          7<PAGE>





                    (e)   Vote Required.   The  members holding at  least a
          majority of the positions on any Board Committee shall constitute
          a quorum  for purposes  of any  meeting of  such committee.   The
          affirmative  vote of members holding  at least a  majority of the
          positions  on   any  Board  Committee  shall   be  necessary  and
          sufficient to  approve any  action within the  Committee s power,
          and any action so approved by such a majority shall  be deemed to
          have  been taken  by the  Committee  and to  be the  act of  such
          Committee.

                    (f)   Governance.  The Board  may designate  the person
          who is  to serve as chairman  of any Board Committee,  and in the
          absence of  any such designation by the Board, the members of the
          Committee may either designate one member of the Committee as its
          chairman  or elect  to operate  without a  chairman.   Each Board
          Committee may appoint a Secretary who need not be a member of the
          Committee or  a member of the Board.   Each Board Committee shall
          have the right to establish  such rules and procedures  governing
          its  meetings  and  operations   as  such  Committee  shall  deem
          desirable  provided  such  rules  and  procedures  shall  not  be
          inconsistent with the Certificate of Incorporation, these bylaws,
          or any direction to the Committee issued by the Board.

                    (f)  Alternate  Committee  Members.    The   Board  may
          designate one or more directors as alternate members of any Board
          Committee, and any  such director may replace  any regular member
          of such  Board  Committee who  for any  reason is  absent from  a
          meeting of such Board Committee or is otherwise disqualified from
          serving on such Board Committee.

                    Section 4.2.   Executive Committee.

                    (a)  Authorization.    The  corporation  shall  have an
          Executive Committee.   The Executive Committee  shall be a  Board
          Committee and shall be  subject to the provisions of  Section 4.1
          of these bylaws.

                    (b)  Duties.  The Executive  Committee shall assist the
          Board in developing and evaluating general corporate policies and
          objectives.  The Executive  Committee shall perform such specific
          assignments  as shall be expressly  delegated to it  from time to
          time  by the  Board  of  Directors  and  shall  (subject  to  the
          limitations  specified  in  Section  4.1(d) of  these  bylaws  or
          imposed by  law) have the  power to exercise fully  the powers of
          the  Board except to  the extent  expressly limited  or precluded
          from exercising  such powers  in  resolutions from  time to  time
          adopted by the Board.

                    (c)  Membership.  Membership on the Executive Committee
          shall be determined from time to time by the Board  in accordance
          with the provisions of Section 4.1(b) of these bylaws.


                                          8<PAGE>





                    (d)  Meetings.   Meetings of  the   Executive Committee
          may be  called at any time  by any two members  of the Committee.
          The  time and place for each meeting  shall be established by the
          members calling the meeting.

                    Section 4.3    Audit Committee.

                    (a)   Authorization.  The  corporation  shall  have  an
          Audit  Committee.  The Audit Committee shall be a Board Committee
          and shall be  subject to the provisions  of Section 4.1 of  these
          bylaws.

                    (b)  Duties.   The Audit Committee shall: (i) recommend
          to the Board of  Directors annually a firm of  independent public
          accountants  to act as  auditors of the  corporation; (ii) review
          with the auditors  in advance  the scope of  their annual  audit;
          (iii) review with the  auditors and the management, from  time to
          time,  the  corporation's  accounting  principles,  policies, and
          practices and  its reporting policies and  practices; (iv) review
          with the auditors annually the results of their audit; (v) review
          from  time  to  time  with the  auditors  and  the  corporation's
          financial personnel the adequacy of the corporation's accounting,
          financial and  operating controls; (vi)  review all  transactions
          between  the corporation or any subsidiary of the corporation and
          any stockholder who  holds at  least fifty percent  of the  total
          number of shares outstanding of  the corporation's Class A Common
          Stock  or Class B  Common Stock (a  "Controlling Shareholder") or
          any  subsidiary of  such Controlling Shareholder  on at  least an
          annual basis  in accordance with  policies adopted by  the Board;
          and (vii) perform such other duties as shall from time to time be
          delegated to the Committee by the Board.

                    (c)  Membership.  The membership of the Audit Committee
          shall  always  be  such that  all  of the  members  of  the Audit
          Committee  shall not  be full-time  employees of  any Controlling
          Shareholder,  the   corporation  or   any  of   their  respective
          subsidiaries.  Within the limitations prescribed in the preceding
          sentence, the  membership on the Committee shall be determined by
          the Board as provided in Section 4.1 of these bylaws.


                                     ARTICLE FIVE

                                       Officers

                    Section 5.1    Corporate and Divisional Officers.   The
          corporate officers  of the  corporation shall  be  chosen by  the
          Board of Directors and shall consist  of a Chairman of the Board,
          a Vice  Chairman  of the  Board, a  President, one  or more  Vice
          Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer, and such other officers and
          assistant officers as may be deemed necessary or desirable by the
          Board.  In  its discretion, the Board of Directors may choose not

                                          9<PAGE>





          to  fill any  office for  any  period as  it may  deem advisable,
          [provided that at all times one or more officers shall be elected
          or appointed with the authority  (irrespective of title) to carry
          out  all  responsibilities   of  the  President,   Treasurer  and
          Secretary required by law].  The Chairman of  the Board, the Vice
          Chairman of  the Board, and the President  must be members of the
          Board  of Directors but no other officer  need be a member of the
          Board.  Any number of offices may be held by the same person.  In
          addition to the corporate officers, the Board of Directors or the
          chief executive officer may  appoint divisional officers having a
          title which indicates that the divisional officer's authority and
          responsibilities are limited  to a designated operation  division
          of the corporation.   Divisional officers shall have  such duties
          and  responsibilities as the Board of  Directors or the corporate
          officers  shall determine.   Any  person may  hold more  than one
          corporate and/or divisional office.

                    Section 5.2.   Appointment and  Term  of Office.    The
          corporate officers of the corporation shall be appointed annually
          by  the Board  of Directors  at its  first meeting  following the
          annual meeting of  stockholders.  If the  appointment of officers
          shall not be held at such meeting, such appointment shall be held
          as soon thereafter  as conveniently  may be.   Vacancies in  cor-
          porate offices may be filled  and new offices may be  created and
          filled  at any  meeting of  the Board  of Directors.   Divisional
          officers may be  appointed at any time.  Each  officer shall hold
          office until the earlier of: (i) the time at which a successor is
          duly appointed and  qualified or  (ii) his or  her death,  resig-
          nation  or removal  as  hereinafter provided.    In case  of  the
          absence  of  any officer  of the  corporation,  or for  any other
          reason  that the Board may  deem sufficient, the  Board may dele-
          gate, for the  time being, the powers or duties,  or any of them,
          of such  officer to any other  officer, or to any  director.  The
          Board shall  have the  right to  enter into employment  contracts
          providing for the  employment of  any officer for  a term  longer
          than one year, but no such contract shall preclude the Board from
          removing  any  person  from  any position  with  the  corporation
          whenever  in  the  Board's judgment  the  best  interests  of the
          corporation would be served thereby.

                    Section 5.3.   Removal.   Any officer  or agent may  be
          removed by the Board at  any time with or without cause,  and any
          divisional officer may be removed by the chief executive officer,
          but  such removal  shall  be without  prejudice  to the  contract
          rights, if any, of the person so removed.  Appointment shall  not
          of itself create contract rights.

                    Section 5.4.   General  Powers of Officers.   The chief
          executive  officer  of  the  corporation shall,  subject  to  the
          control  of the  Board  of Directors,  in  general supervise  and
          control  all of the business  and affairs of  the corporation and
          shall  have  all the  authority  and  shall  perform  all  duties

                                          10<PAGE>





          incident to the office of chief executive officer.  The Board  of
          Directors may designate  any of  the Chairman of  the Board,  the
          Vice  Chairman of  the  Board  or  the  President  as  the  chief
          executive  officer of the corporation, and in the absence of such
          designation the President shall be the chief executive officer of
          the corporation.   For  purposes of these  bylaws, the  corporate
          Chairman  of the  Board,  the Vice  Chairman  of the  Board,  the
          President and each corporate Vice President shall be deemed to be
          a  "senior  officer."  Whenever  any resolution  adopted  by  the
          corporation's stockholders, Board of Directors or Board Committee
          shall  authorize  the "proper  officers"  of  the corporation  to
          execute any note, contract or other document or to take any other
          action or shall generally authorize any action without specifying
          the  officer or  officers  authorized to  take  such action,  any
          senior  officer acting  alone and  without countersignatures  may
          take  such action on  behalf of the corporation.   Any officer of
          the corporation may on behalf  of the corporation sign contracts,
          reports to governmental agencies,  or other instruments which are
          in the regular  course of business (provided that, in the case of
          divisional officers,  such items  relate to such  officer's divi-
          sion), except  where the signing  and execution thereof  shall be
          expressly  delegated by the Board of Directors or by these bylaws
          to some other officer  or agent of  the corporation, or shall  be
          required by law to be otherwise signed or executed.

                    Section 5.5.   The Chairman and the Vice Chairman.  The
          Chairman of the Board shall preside at all  meetings of the Board
          of Directors and consult with the Vice Chairman of the  Board and
          the President  regarding corporate  policies and have  such other
          duties as may be assigned to him by the Board.  The Vice Chairman
          of  the Board shall consult  with the Chairman  and the President
          regarding corporate policies and shall have such other  duties as
          shall be  assigned to him  by the  Board or  the chief  executive
          officer (if other than the Vice Chairman) of the Corporation.  In
          the absence  of the Chairman of  the Board, the  Vice Chairman of
          the Board shall preside at meetings of the Board of Directors.

                    Section 5.6.   The President.  The  corporate President
          shall, when present, preside at all meetings of the stockholders,
          shall  consult with the Chairman of the Board and the Vice Chair-
          man  of the  Board  regarding corporate  policies and  in general
          shall  perform all duties incident to the office of President and
          have  such  other duties  as may  be prescribed  by the  Board of
          Directors or the chief executive officer (if the President is not
          the Chief Executive Officer) from time to time.

                    Section 5.7.   Vice  Presidents.   Each  corporate Vice
          President shall perform such  duties and have such powers  as the
          Board of Directors may from time to time prescribe.  The Board of
          Directors may  designate any vice  president as  being senior  in
          rank  or  degree of  responsibility and  may  accord such  a Vice
          President an  appropriate title designating his  senior rank such

                                          11<PAGE>





          as  "Executive  Vice President"  or  "Senior  Vice President"  or
          "Group  Vice President."  The  Board of  Directors  may assign  a
          certain  corporate Vice  President responsibility  for designated
          group, division or function of the corporation's business and add
          an appropriate descriptive designation to his title.

                    Section 5.8.   Secretary.

                    (a)  The Secretary.   The Secretary  shall (subject  to
          the   control  of  the  Board):  (i)  keep  the  minutes  of  the
          stockholders, and the Board of Directors' meetings in one or more
          books  provided for that purpose;  (ii) see that  all notices are
          duly given in accordance  with the provisions of these  bylaws or
          as required by law;  (iii) be custodian of the  corporate records
          and of the seal of the  corporation and see that the seal  of the
          corporation  is affixed to all  documents, the execution of which
          on behalf of the  corporation under its seal is  duly Authorized;
          (iv)  keep or  cause to  be kept  a register  of the  post office
          address  of  each stockholder  which  shall be  furnished  to the
          Secretary  by such  stockholder; (v)  have general charge  of the
          stock  transfer books  of the  corporation; (vi)  supply in  such
          circumstances  as   the  Secretary   deems  appropriate   to  any
          governmental  agency or  other  person a  copy of  any resolution
          adopted by the corporation's  stockholders, Board of Directors or
          Board  Committee,  any corporate  record  or  document, or  other
          information  concerning  the  corporation  and its  officers  and
          certify  on  behalf of  the corporation  as  to the  accuracy and
          completeness  of the resolution,  record, document or information
          supplied; and  (vii) in general,  perform all duties  incident to
          the  office of Secretary and  perform such other  duties and have
          such  other powers  as  the  Board  of  Directors  or  the  chief
          executive officer may from time to time prescribe.

                    (b)  Assistant  Secretary.    Each Assistant  Secretary
          shall (subject to the direction of the Board of Directors and the
          Secretary)  assist  the  Secretary  in  the  performance  of  the
          Secretary's  duties and be entitled to exercise the powers of the
          Secretary.   Any person dealing  with the corporation  shall have
          the  right to  presume (in the  absence of  actual notice  to the
          contrary) that  each Assistant Secretary is  entitled to exercise
          the powers of the Secretary.

                    Section 5.10.  Treasurer.

                    (a)  The Treasurer.   The Treasurer shall:  have charge
          and custody of and be responsible for all funds and securities of
          the  corporation; receive  and give  receipts for monies  due and
          payable  to  the  corporation  from any  source  whatsoever,  and
          deposit  all such monies  in the name of  the corporation in such
          banks, trust companies or other depositories as shall be selected
          by or under authority of the Board of Directors; and, in general,
          perform all of the duties incident to the office of Treasurer and

                                          12<PAGE>





          such other duties as  from time to time may be assigned to him by
          the chief  executive officer.  The Treasurer shall give a bond if
          required  by the Board of Directors for the faithful discharge of
          his duties in a sum and with one or more sureties satisfactory to
          the Board.

                    (b)  Assistant  Treasurer.    Each Assistant  Treasurer
          shall (subject to the direction of the vice President-Finance and
          Treasurer)  assist  the  Treasurer  in  the  performance  of  the
          Treasurer's  duties and be entitled to exercise the powers of the
          Treasurer.  Each person  dealing with the corporation shall  have
          the right  to presume  (in the absence  of actual  notice to  the
          contrary) that  each Assistant Treasurer is  entitled to exercise
          the powers of the Treasurer.


                                     ARTICLE SIX

                                      Indemnity

                    Section 6.1.   Each  officer  and  director   shall  be
          entitled  to indemnification  as  provided  in the  corporation's
          Certificate of Incorporation, and the Board of Directors,  or any
          duly  authorized Board Committee, shall have the power to provide
          such additional indemnification, whether through specific action,
          by contract  or otherwise, to officers,  directors, employees and
          agents  of  the  corporation  as  may  be   deemed  desirable  or
          appropriate under the circumstances.


                                    ARTICLE SEVEN

                                   Corporate Stock

                    Section  7.1. Certificates  for  Shares.   Certificates
          representing  shares  of  any  class  of  stock   issued  by  the
          corporation (herein  called "corporate shares") shall  be in such
          form as  may  be determined  by  the Board  of Directors.    Such
          certificates  shall  be signed  by  the  President and  shall  be
          countersigned by the Secretary and shall be sealed with the seal,
          or a facsimile of the seal, of the corporation.  If a certificate
          is countersigned by a transfer agent or registrar, other than the
          corporation  itself  or its  employees,  any  other signature  or
          countersignature  on the certificate may be a facsimile.  In case
          any officer of the corporation, or any officer or employee of the
          transfer  agent or  registrar who has  signed or  whose facsimile
          signature has been placed  upon such certificate ceases to  be an
          officer  of the  corporation, or  an officer  or employee  of the
          transfer agent  or registrar  before such certificate  is issued,
          the  certificate may be issued  by the corporation  with the same
          effect  as if the officer  of the corporation,  or the officer or
          employee of the  transfer agent or registrar had not ceased to be

                                          13<PAGE>





          such at the date of its issue.  All certificates for shares shall
          be consecutively numbered or  otherwise identified.  The name  of
          the person  to whom  the shares  represented thereby  are issued,
          with the number of shares and date of issue, shall  be entered on
          the books  of the corporation.   All certificates  surrendered to
          the  corporation  for transfer  shall  be  canceled,  and no  new
          certificate  shall  be issued  in  replacement  until the  former
          certificate  for  a  like  number   of  shares  shall  have  been
          surrendered and canceled, except as otherwise provided in Section
          7.4 with respect to lost, destroyed or mutilated certificates.

                    Section 7.2.   Transfer Agent and Registrar.  The Board
          of Directors may from time to time with respect to  each class of
          stock issuable  by the  corporation appoint such  transfer agents
          and  registrars in such locations as it shall determine, and may,
          in its discretion, appoint a single entity to act in the capacity
          of both transfer agent and registrar in any one location.

                    Section 7.3.   Transfers  of  Shares.     Transfers  of
          corporate  shares shall be made  only on the  books maintained by
          the corporation or a transfer  agent appointed as contemplated by
          Section 7.2 at the request of the holder of record  thereof or of
          his attorney,  lawfully constituted in writing,  and on surrender
          for cancellation  of  the  certificate  for  such  shares.    The
          corporation may (but shall  not be required to) treat  the person
          in  whose name  corporate  shares  stand  on  the  books  of  the
          corporation as the only person having any interest in such shares
          and as  the only person having the  right to receive dividends on
          and to vote such  shares, and the corporation shall  not be bound
          to recognize any  equitable or other claim to or interest in such
          shares  on the part of the other  person, whether or not it shall
          have express or other notice thereof.

                    Section 7.4.   Lost   Certificates.     The   Board  of
          Directors  may direct  a new  certificate or  certificates to  be
          issued in  place of  any certificate or  certificates theretofore
          issued by the corporation  alleged to have been lost,  stolen, or
          destroyed,  upon the making  of an affidavit of  that fact by the
          person claiming the certificate  of stock to be lost,  stolen, or
          destroyed.  When authorizing  such issue of a new  certificate or
          certificates,  the Board of Directors may,  in its discretion and
          as a  condition precedent  to the issuance  thereof, require  the
          person requesting such new certificate or certificates, or his or
          her  legal representative, to give the corporation a bond in such
          sum as it may direct  as indemnity against any claim that  may be
          made  against the  corporation  with respect  to the  certificate
          alleged to have been lost, stolen or destroyed.

                    Section 7.5.   Dividends.  Dividends  upon the  capital
          stock of  the  corporation,  subject  to the  provisions  of  the
          Certificate  of Incorporation,  if any,  may  be declared  by the
          Board of Directors at any regular or special meeting, pursuant to

                                          14<PAGE>





          law.  Dividends may be paid in cash, in property, or in shares of
          the capital stock, subject  to the provisions of the  Certificate
          of Incorporation.


                                    ARTICLE EIGHT

                                  General Provisions

                    Section  8.1.  Fiscal Year.    The fiscal  year  of the
          corporation shall  begin on the  first day of January  and end on
          the last day of December in each year.

                    Section 8.2.   Seal.   The  corporate  seal shall  have
          inscribed  thereon the name of  the corporation, the  year of its
          organization and  the words "Corporate Seal,  Delaware." The seal
          may be used by causing it  or a facsimile thereof to be impressed
          or affixed or reproduced or otherwise.

                    Section  8.3.  Voting   Securities  Issued  By  Another
          Corporation.  Voting securities in  any other corporation held by
          the  corporation  shall be  voted by  the  President or  any Vice
          President,  unless the  Board  of Directors  specifically confers
          authority to vote with  respect thereto (which may be  general or
          confined  to  specific  instances)  upon  some  other  person  or
          officer.  Any person authorized to vote securities shall have the
          power to appoint proxies, with general power of substitution.


                                     ARTICLE NINE

                                      Amendments

                    These bylaws  may be amended, altered,  or repealed and
          new  bylaws   adopted  by  the  affirmative   vote  of  directors
          constituting  at least a majority of the number of directors then
          constituting the  entire Board.   The corporation's  stockholders
          shall have the power to  amend, alter or repeal these bylaws  and
          to adopt new bylaws  in the manner provided in  the corporation's
          Certificate of Incorporation.


                                     ARTICLE TEN

                         Delaware Corporation Law Section 203

                    The Corporation expressly elects  not to be governed by
          203  of  the General  Corporation Law  of  Delaware.   The bylaw
          amendment adopting this provision shall not be further amended by
          the  Board of  Directors except  to the  extent permitted  by the
          General Corporation Law of Delaware.


                                          15<PAGE>


























































                                          16<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-4
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>







          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013









                                  WARRANT AGREEMENT

                                       BETWEEN




                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.


                                         AND

                          THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
                                    WARRANT AGENT

                      WARRANTS TO PURCHASE CLASS A COMMON STOCK

                                   October 3, 1994<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013




          This WARRANT AGREEMENT  (the "Agreement") is dated as  of October
          3, 1994, between  A.L. PHARMA INC.,  a Delaware corporation  (the
          "Company"), and  THE FIRST  NATIONAL BANK  OF BOSTON,  a national
          banking association, as warrant agent (the "Warrant Agent").

          WHEREAS, the Company proposes  to issue Warrants (the "Warrants")
          entitling the holders  to purchase  an aggregate of  up to  three
          million, six  hundred thousand  (3,600,000) shares ("Shares")  of
          the Company's Class A  Common Stock, $.20 par value (the "Class A
          Common Stock"); and

          WHEREAS,  the Warrant Agent, at  the request of  the Company, has
          agreed to  act as the agent of the Company in connection with the
          issuance,   registration,  transfer,  exchange  and  exercise  of
          Warrants;

          NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration  of  the  premises and  mutual
          agreements herein set forth, the parties hereto agree as follows:

               Section  1.   Appointment  of  Warrant Agent.    The Company
          hereby appoints the Warrant Agent to act as agent for the Company
          in accordance  with the  instructions hereinafter set  forth; and
          the Warrant Agent hereby accepts such appointment, upon the terms
          and conditions hereinafter set forth.

               Section 2.   Amount Issued.   Subject to  the provisions  of
          this Agreement, Warrants to purchase no more than  three million,
          six  hundred  thousand  (3,600,000)  Shares  may  be  issued  and
          delivered by the Company hereunder.

               Section 3.  Form of Warrant Certificates.   The certificates
          evidencing  the  Warrants  (the  "Warrant  Certificates")  to  be
          delivered pursuant  to this Agreement shall be in registered form
          only.   The  Warrant Certificates  and the  forms of  election to
          purchase  Shares and of assignment  to be printed  on the reverse
          thereof shall be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A
          hereto  together  with  such  appropriate  insertions, omissions,
          substitutions and  other variations as are  required or permitted
          by  this Agreement, and may  have such letters,  numbers or other
          marks of  identification and such legends  or endorsements placed
          thereon as may  be required to  comply with any  law or with  any
          rules made pursuant thereto  or with any rules of  any securities
          exchange,   any   agreement   between   the   Company   and   any
          Warrantholder, or as may, consistently herewith, be determined by
          the  officers  executing such  Warrants,  as  evidenced by  their
          execution of the Warrants.

               Section  4.   Execution  of Warrant  Certificates.   Warrant
          Certificates  shall be  signed on  behalf of  the Company  by its


                                        - 1 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          Chairman  of  the  Board  of Directors,  its  President,  a  Vice
          President  or  its Treasurer  and  attested by  its  Secretary or
          Assistant  Secretary,  under   its  corporate  seal.  Each   such
          signature upon  the Warrant Certificates may be  in the form of a
          facsimile  signature of the current or any future Chairman of the
          Board,  President,   Vice  President,  Treasurer,   Secretary  or
          Assistant Secretary and may  be imprinted or otherwise reproduced
          on  the Warrant Certificates and for that purpose the Company may
          adopt and use  the facsimile  signature of any  person who  shall
          have  been  Chairman of  the  Board,  President, Vice  President,
          Treasurer,  Secretary or Assistant Secretary, notwithstanding the
          fact  that  at  the  time  the  Warrant  Certificates   shall  be
          countersigned and delivered or disposed of such person shall have
          ceased  to hold such office.   The seal of the  Company may be in
          the  form of a facsimile  thereof and may  be impressed, affixed,
          imprinted or otherwise reproduced on the Warrant Certificates.

          If any  officer of the Company  who shall have signed  any of the
          Warrant Certificates  shall cease to  be such officer  before the
          Warrant Certificates  so signed shall have  been countersigned by
          the Warrant Agent  or disposed  of by the  Company, such  Warrant
          Certificates nevertheless  may be countersigned and  delivered or
          disposed  of as  though such  person had  not ceased  to  be such
          officer of the Company; and any Warrant Certificate may be signed
          on behalf of the Company by any person who, at the actual date of
          the execution  of such  Warrant  Certificate, shall  be a  proper
          officer of the Company to sign such Warrant Certificate, although
          at the date  of the execution of  this Agreement any  such person
          was not such officer.

               Section  5.   Registration  and  Countersignature.   Warrant
          Certificates shall  be manually countersigned and  dated the date
          of countersignature by the  Warrant Agent and shall not  be valid
          for any purpose unless  so countersigned.  The Warrants  shall be
          numbered and  shall be  registered  in a  register (the  "Warrant
          Register") to be maintained by the Warrant Agent.

               The Warrant Agent's  countersignature on all Warrants  shall
          be in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A hereto.

               The Company and  the Warrant  Agent may deem  and treat  the
          registered holder of a Warrant  Certificate as the absolute owner
          thereof  (notwithstanding  any  notation of  ownership  or  other
          writing  thereon made by anyone), for the purpose of any exercise
          thereof or any  distribution to  the holder thereof  and for  all
          other purposes,  and neither  the Company  nor the  Warrant Agent
          shall be affected by any notice to the contrary.

               Section 6.   Registration  of Transfers and  Exchanges.   No
          Warrant  may  be  transferred  prior  to  the  Restricted  Period
          Termination  Date except in a  Permitted Transfer.   Prior to the
          Restricted Period  Termination Date, the Warrant  Agent shall not


                                        - 2 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          register  the transfer  of  any  outstanding Warrant  Certificate
          except  a Permitted  Transfer.   Following the  Restricted Period
          Termination Date  until the Close  of Business on  the Expiration
          Date  (as hereinafter defined), the Warrant Agent shall from time
          to  time  register  the   transfer  of  any  outstanding  Warrant
          Certificates  in the  Warrant  Register, upon  surrender of  such
          Warrant Certificates,  duly endorsed, and, if  not surrendered by
          or on behalf  of an original  holder of  Warrants or a  Permitted
          Transferee accompanied by a  written instrument or instruments of
          transfer in form  satisfactory to the Warrant  Agent, duly signed
          by  the registered  holder  or holders  thereof  or by  the  duly
          appointed legal  representative thereof  or by a  duly authorized
          attorney,  such signature to be guaranteed by (a) a bank or trust
          company, (b) a broker or dealer that is a  member of the National
          Association  of  Securities  Dealers, Inc.  (the  "NASD"),  (c) a
          member of a national securities  exchange or (d) by an  "eligible
          guarantor institution" as defined under  Rule 17Ad-15 promulgated
          under the Securities Exchange Act of  1934, as amended.  Upon any
          such registration of transfer, a new Warrant Certificate shall be
          issued to the  transferee.   For purposes of  this Agreement  the
          "Restricted  Period Termination  Date"  shall be  the earlier  of
          October 3, 1995  or the  date on which  a registration  statement
          under the  Securities Act  of 1933,  as amended (the  "Securities
          Act"), covering the Warrants and  Shares shall have been declared
          effective by the Securities  and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"),
          and such other action as may be required by federal  or state law
          relating to the issuance or distribution of securities shall have
          been taken, except  that with  respect to Warrants  issued to  or
          held by  Einar W. Sissener  or A/S  Swekk or holders  who acquire
          such warrants from Einar W. Sissener or  A/S Swekk in a Permitted
          Transfer,  the  Restricted  Period  Termination   Date  shall  be
          October 3, 1997.   For  purposes of  this Agreement a  "Permitted
          Transfer"  shall be  any of  the following:    (i) a  transfer by
          operation  of law, (ii) a transfer pursuant to applicable laws of
          descent and distribution, and  (iii) a transfer to the  owners of
          an entity holder upon  the liquidation of such entity;  provided,
          however, that  the restrictions contained  in this Section  6 and
          elsewhere in this Agreement shall continue in effect with respect
          to  any Warrant  in the  hands of  the transferee of  a Permitted
          Transfer.   For purposes  of this Agreement,  the term "Permitted
          Transferee"  shall mean  any holder  who acquired  Warrants  in a
          Permitted Transfer.

               Warrant Certificates  may be exchanged at the  option of the
          holder or  holders thereof, when surrendered to the Warrant Agent
          at its  offices or agency maintained in New York, New York (or at
          such other offices or agencies as may be designated by the Agent)
          for the  purpose of  exchanging, transferring and  exercising the
          Warrants (a "Warrant  Agent Office,")  or at the  offices of  any
          successor Warrant  Agent as  provided in  Section 18 hereof,  for
          another Warrant Certificate or other Warrant Certificates of like



                                        - 3 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          tenor  and  representing  in  the  aggregate  a  like  number  of
          Warrants.

               The Warrant  Agent is  hereby authorized to  countersign, in
          accordance with the provisions  of Section 5 and of  this Section
          6, and deliver the new  Warrant Certificates required pursuant to
          the  provisions of  this  Section, and  for  the purpose  of  any
          distribution of Warrant Certificates contemplated by Section 13.

               For purposes of  this Agreement, "Affiliate" or  "affiliate"
          means, with respect to any person, (i) any other person or entity
          controlling,  controlled by  or  under common  control with  such
          person,  and  (ii)  any   officer,  director,  partner,  trustee,
          beneficiary or employee of  any person referred to in  clause (i)
          above.

               Section 7.  Duration and Exercise of Warrants.  The Warrants
          shall expire at  (a) 5:00 p.m. New York City Time  (the "Close of
          Business") on  January 3, 1999  or (b) the  Close of  Business on
          such later date as shall be determined in the  sole discretion of
          the Company in a written statement to the Warrant Agent and  with
          notice to registered  holders of Warrants in the  manner provided
          for  in Section  15 (such  date of  expiration  being hereinafter
          referred to as the "Expiration Date").  The Warrants shall not be
          exercisable prior to the Restricted Period Termination  Date.  At
          such  time as  the  Warrants become  exercisable, and  thereafter
          until  the Close of Business on the Expiration Date, the Warrants
          may  be  exercised on  any  business  day.   After  the Close  of
          Business on the  Expiration Date, the  Warrants will become  void
          and of no value.

               Subject  to the  provisions  of  this  Agreement,  including
          Section  13, each  Warrant shall  entitle the  holder thereof  to
          purchase from the Company  (and the Company shall issue  and sell
          to such holder  of a  Warrant) one fully  paid and  nonassessable
          Share  at the price  of $21.9450  (U.S.) (such  price, as  may be
          adjusted from  time to time as provided  in Section 13, being the
          "Exercise Price").  The  holder of a Warrant shall  exercise such
          holder's right to purchase Shares by depositing with  the Warrant
          Agent  at   a  Warrant  Agent  Office   the  Warrant  Certificate
          evidencing such Warrant, with the form of election to purchase on
          the reverse thereof  duly completed and signed  by the registered
          holder  or  holders  thereof  or  by  the  duly  appointed  legal
          representative  thereof or  by a  duly authorized  attorney, such
          signature (if not signed by or on behalf of an original holder of
          Warrants  or a  Permitted  Transferee) to  be  guaranteed in  the
          manner described in Section  6 hereof, and paying to  the Warrant
          Agent in lawful  money of the  United States of  America by  wire
          transfer  of immediately available funds or by certified check or
          official  bank  check an  amount  equal  to  the  Exercise  Price
          multiplied  by  the number  of Shares  in  respect of  which such
          Warrants are being exercised.


                                        - 4 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

               Subject  to Section  9,  upon such  surrender  of a  Warrant
          Certificate and payment of the Exercise  Price, the Warrant Agent
          shall  requisition  from  the  Company's  Class  A  Common  Stock
          transfer agent  (the "Transfer Agent") for  issuance and delivery
          to or  upon the written  order of the  registered holder of  such
          Warrant  Certificate and in such name or names as such registered
          holder may designate, a certificate or certificates for the Share
          or Shares issuable upon  the exercise of the Warrant  or Warrants
          evidenced  by  such Warrant  Certificate.    Such certificate  or
          certificates shall be deemed  to have been issued and  any person
          so designated  to be named therein shall be deemed to have become
          the holder of record  of such Share or  Shares as of the date  of
          the  surrender  of such  Warrant  Certificate  duly executed  and
          payment of the  aggregate Exercise Price.  The Warrants evidenced
          by a Warrant Certificate shall be exercisable, at the election of
          the registered holder thereof, either as an entirety or from time
          to time for a portion of the number of Warrants  specified in the
          Warrant  Certificate.  If less than all of the Warrants evidenced
          by  a  Warrant  Certificate  surrendered  upon  the  exercise  of
          Warrants  are exercised at any time prior to the Expiration Date,
          a new Warrant Certificate or Certificates shall be issued for the
          number  of  Warrants  evidenced  by the  Warrant  Certificate  so
          surrendered  that have not been  exercised, and the Warrant Agent
          is hereby authorized to  countersign such new Warrant Certificate
          or  Certificates pursuant to the provisions of Section 6 and this
          Section 7.

               The Warrant Agent shall account promptly to the Company with
          respect to Warrants exercised and concurrently  pay or deliver to
          the Company  all moneys and  other consideration  received by  it
          upon the purchase of Shares through the exercise of Warrants.

               Section  8.  Cancellation of Warrants.  If the Company shall
          purchase or otherwise acquire  Warrants, the Warrant Certificates
          representing such  Warrants shall  thereupon be delivered  to the
          Warrant  Agent and be  cancelled by it and  retired.  The Warrant
          Agent shall  cancel  all  Warrant  Certificates  surrendered  for
          exchange, substitution, transfer or exercise in whole or in part.
          Warrant  Certificates  so cancelled  shall  be  delivered by  the
          Warrant Agent to the Company from time to time upon request.

               Section 9.   Payment of  Taxes.   The Company  will pay  all
          documentary stamp  taxes attributable to the  initial issuance of
          Warrants and  of Shares upon the exercise  of Warrants; provided,
          that the  Company shall not be  required to pay any  tax or taxes
          which may be  payable in respect of any transfer  involved in the
          issue of any Warrant Certificates or  any certificates for Shares
          in  a  name  other  than  the  registered  holder  of  a  Warrant
          Certificate surrendered upon  the exercise of a Warrant,  and the
          Company   shall  not  be  required   to  issue  or  deliver  such
          certificates unless or until the person or persons requesting the
          issuance thereof shall  have paid  to the Company  the amount  of


                                        - 5 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          such tax or  shall have  established to the  satisfaction of  the
          Company that such  tax has  been paid or  adequate provision  has
          been made for the payment thereof.

               Section 10.   Mutilated or Missing Warrant Certificates.  If
          any of the Warrant Certificates  shall be mutilated, lost, stolen
          or  destroyed, the Company may  in its discretion  issue, and the
          Warrant  Agent shall  countersign  and deliver,  in exchange  and
          substitution for  and upon cancellation of  the mutilated Warrant
          Certificate,  or in  lieu  of and  substitution  for the  Warrant
          Certificate lost, stolen or  destroyed, a new Warrant Certificate
          of like tenor and representing an equivalent number  of Warrants,
          but only upon receipt of evidence satisfactory to the Company and
          the  Warrant Agent  of such  loss, theft  or destruction  of such
          Warrant  Certificate and  indemnity or  bond, if  requested, also
          satisfactory  to them.   Applicants  for such  substitute Warrant
          Certificates  shall  also  comply  with   such  other  reasonable
          regulations and  pay such other reasonable charges as the Company
          or the Warrant Agent may prescribe.

               Section  11.   Reservation of  Shares.   For the  purpose of
          enabling  it  to satisfy  any  obligation  to  issue Shares  upon
          exercise of Warrants, the  Company will at all times  through the
          Close  of  Business on  the  Expiration  Date, reserve  and  keep
          available, free from preemptive rights  and out of its  aggregate
          authorized but  unissued or  treasury  shares of  Class A  Common
          Stock,  the number of Shares deliverable upon the exercise of all
          outstanding   Warrants,  and   the   Transfer  Agent   is  hereby
          irrevocably authorized and directed at all  times to reserve such
          number of authorized and  unissued or treasury shares of  Class A
          Common Stock as shall be required for such purpose.   The Company
          will  keep a copy  of this Agreement  on file with  such Transfer
          Agent  and  with  every transfer  agent  for  any  shares of  the
          Company's capital  stock issuable  upon the exercise  of Warrants
          pursuant  to Section 12.  The Warrant Agent is hereby irrevocably
          authorized to  requisition from time  to time from  such Transfer
          Agent  stock certificates  issuable upon exercise  of outstanding
          Warrants, and the  Company will supply  such Transfer Agent  with
          duly executed stock certificates for such purpose.

               Before  taking any  action  that would  cause an  adjustment
          pursuant to Section 13 reducing the Exercise Price below the then
          par value (if any)  of the Shares  issuable upon exercise of  the
          Warrants, the Company will take any corporate action that may, in
          the  opinion of  its  counsel, be  necessary  in order  that  the
          Company   may  validly   and   legally  issue   fully  paid   and
          nonassessable Shares at the Exercise Price as so adjusted.

               The Company  covenants that all Shares  issued upon exercise
          of  the Warrants will, upon issuance in accordance with the terms
          of  this Agreement, be fully paid and nonassessable and free from



                                        - 6 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          all liens, charges  and security interests created  by or imposed
          upon the Company with respect to the issuance thereof.

               Section 12.   Registration of Warrants and Shares  and Stock
          Exchange  Listings; Prospectus  Delivery.   (a) The  Company will
          file with  the SEC  and use  its best  efforts  to have  declared
          effective  by  the  first  anniversary  of  the issuance  of  the
          Warrants a registration statement, on Form S-3 or such other form
          as is  then available for  such use by the  Company, covering all
          Warrants and the Shares.  The Company will use it best efforts to
          keep such  registration statement continuously effective from the
          date  on which it is first declared  effective by the SEC through
          the  Close  of Business  ten  (10)  business  days following  the
          Expiration  Date;  provided  however,  that if  the  Company  has
          received a written request from any person who in the judgment of
          the Company  may be deemed to be an affiliate of the Company, (as
          that term is defined in Rule 144 promulgated under the Securities
          Act) prior to the Expiration Date that any Shares acquired as the
          result  of the exercise  of a Warrant  are owned or  deemed to be
          owned by  such affiliate and  that such Shares  will be  owned or
          will be  deemed to be  owned by such  affiliate on and  after the
          Expiration Date, then the  Company shall use its best  efforts to
          keep  the registration statement provided  for by this Section 12
          effective for so long as necessary to permit sales of such Shares
          to be  made by such  affiliate but  in no event  longer than  the
          second  anniversary of  the  Expiration Date.    So long  as  any
          unexpired Warrants remain outstanding and if required in order to
          comply with the Securities  Act, the Company agrees that  it will
          file such post-effective amendments to the registration statement
          provided for in this Section 12.   So long as any Warrants remain
          outstanding (and  so long  as necessary to  permit affiliates  to
          sell  Shares in the circumstances  and subject to the limitations
          described  in the  second preceding  sentence), the  Company will
          take  all necessary action  (a) to obtain and  keep effective any
          and all  permits, consents  and approvals of  government agencies
          and  authorities and  to  make filings  under  federal and  state
          securities acts and  laws, which  may be or  become necessary  in
          connection with the issuance, sale, transfer  and delivery of the
          Warrant  Certificates,  the  exercise  of the  Warrants  and  the
          issuance, sale, transfer  and delivery of the Shares  issued upon
          exercise of Warrants, and (b) to have the Warrants (no later than
          the  first anniversary of the  issuance of the  Warrants) and the
          Shares  (immediately   upon  their  issuance  upon   exercise  of
          Warrants) listed for trading  or quotation on the New  York Stock
          Exchange or, if  such listing  is in the  opinion of the  Company
          impracticable, on  one of  the following securities  exchanges or
          securities  markets,  as the  board of  directors of  the Company
          deems appropriate to facilitate the trading of the  Warrants: (i)
          another  national  securities  exchange;  (ii)  quotation  on the
          National  Association  of Security  Dealers  Automated Quotations
          system ("NASDAQ") or the National Association of Security Dealers



                                        - 7 -<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          Automated  Quotation/National  Market  System ("NASDAQ/NMS");  or
          (iii) such other over-the-counter quotation system.

               (b)  On the date of its effectiveness and on the date of any
          Warrant sale or exercise,  the Registration Statement will comply
          in all material respects with  the applicable requirements of the
          Securities Act and the rules  and regulations thereunder; on  the
          date of  its effectiveness,  the Registration Statement  will not
          contain any untrue statement of a material fact or  omit to state
          any material fact required  to be stated therein or  necessary in
          order to make  the statements  therein not  misleading; and,  the
          final prospectus contained in  the Registration Statement, if not
          filed pursuant to rule 424(b),  will not, and on the date  of any
          filing pursuant to rule 424(b)  and upon the date of any  Warrant
          sale  or exercise  or  any resale  by  an affiliate,  such  final
          prospectus (together  with  any  supplement  thereto)  will  not,
          include any untrue  statement of a material fact or omit to state
          a  material fact  necessary  in  order  to  make  the  statements
          therein,  in the light of the circumstances under which they were
          made, not misleading.

               (c)  The Company  will indemnify  and hold harmless,  to the
          fullest  extent permitted  by law,  the holders  of  Warrants and
          Shares and each  person, if  any, who controls  each such  holder
          within  the meaning of the  Securities Act, from  and against any
          and all  losses, damages, claims, liabilities,  joint or several,
          costs and  expenses (including any amounts paid in any settlement
          effected  with the Company's consent) to which the holders or any
          such controlling  person may become subject  under the Securities
          Act,  state securities or blue sky laws, common law or otherwise,
          insofar as such losses,  damages, claims, liabilities (or actions
          or  proceedings in respect thereof),  costs or expenses arise out
          of or are based upon  (x) any untrue statement or  alleged untrue
          statement  of any  material  fact contained  in the  registration
          statement or included prospectus,  as amended or supplemented, or
          (y)  the omission or alleged omission to state therein a material
          fact  required  to be  stated therein  or  necessary to  make the
          statements therein, in light  of the circumstances in  which they
          are  made, not  misleading,  and the  Company will  reimburse the
          holders  and each such controlling person of the holders promptly
          upon demand  for  any  reasonable legal  or  any  other  expenses
          incurred by  them in connection with  investigating, preparing to
          defend or defending against or appearing as a third-party witness
          in connection with such loss, claim, damage, liability, action or
          proceeding;  provided,  however, that  the  Company  will not  be
          liable to any holder in  any such case to the extent, but only to
          the  extent,  that  any such  loss,  damage,  liability, cost  or
          expenses arises out  of or is  based upon an untrue  statement or
          alleged  untrue statement or omission or alleged omission so made
          in  conformity with  information about  such holder  furnished by
          such  holder  or   such  controlling  persons  for   use  in  the
          preparation thereof, provided further, that the Company shall not


                                        - 8 -<PAGE>






          be  liable to any person  who participates as  an underwriter, in
          the  offering or sale of  Registrable Securities or  to any other
          person, if any, who controls such underwriter, within the meaning
          of the  Securities Act, in any  such case to the  extent that any
          such  loss, claim, damage, liability  (or action or proceeding in
          respect thereof) or  expense arises out of  such person's failure
          to send  or give a copy  of the final prospectus  prepared by the
          Company and made  available to such persons,  as the same may  be
          then supplemented or amended,  to the person asserting an  untrue
          statement  or alleged  untrue  statement or  omission or  alleged
          omission at or prior to  the written confirmation of the  sale of
          Registrable  Securities  to  such  person if  such  statement  or
          omission  was corrected in such final prospectus.  Such indemnity
          shall  remain  in   full  force  and  effect  regardless  of  any
          investigation  made  by  or  on  behalf  of  any  holder  or  any
          controlling person of the holder, and shall  survive the transfer
          of such securities by the holder.  In the event that indemnity is
          not  available, the Company agrees  to contribute to  any and all
          losses  based on the relative  faults of the  parties involved as
          well as  other equitable factors which may be appropriate.

               (d)  Each  holder  of  Warrants  or Shares  covered  by  any
          registration statement  contemplated  by  this  Section  12  will
          severally  indemnify  and hold  harmless  to  the fullest  extent
          permitted  by law,  the  Company and  each  person, if  any,  who
          controls the Company  within the meaning  of the Securities  Act,
          from   and  against   any  and   all  losses,   damages,  claims,
          liabilities, joint or several,  costs and expenses (including any
          amounts  paid  in  any  settlement effected  with  such  holder's
          consent)  to which the Company or any such controlling person may
          become subject under the Securities Act, state securities or blue
          sky laws,  common  law  or otherwise,  insofar  as  such  losses,
          damages,  claims,  liabilities  (or  actions  or  proceedings  in
          respect thereof), costs  or expenses  arise out of  or are  based
          upon  (x) any untrue statement or alleged untrue statement of any
          material fact contained in the registration statement or included
          prospectus, as  amended or supplemented,  or (y) the  omission or
          alleged  omission to state therein a material fact required to be
          stated therein  or necessary to  make the statements  therein, in
          light  of  the   circumstances  in  which  they  are   made,  not
          misleading,  or (z) the failure of such  holder to send or give a
          copy of the  final prospectus  prepared by the  Company and  made
          available  to such  holder to  any person,  and such  holder will
          reimburse  the Company  and each such  controlling person  of the
          Company promptly  upon demand  for any  reasonable  legal or  any
          other expenses incurred by them in connection with investigating,
          preparing to defend or defending against or appearing as a third-
          party  witness  in  connection  with such  loss,  claim,  damage,
          liability,  action or proceeding to  the extent, but  only to the
          extent, that any  such loss, damage,  liability, cost or  expense
          arises out  of or is  based upon  an untrue statement  or alleged
          untrue statement  or  omission or  alleged  omission so  made  in


                                        - 9 -<PAGE>






          conformity with  information about such holder  furnished by such
          holder  or such controlling persons for use in the preparation of
          such registration statement, prospectus or preliminary prospectus
          or  any amendment thereof or supplement thereto.  Each holder, by
          accepting  delivery of  any Warrant,  agrees to  be bound  by the
          provisions of this Section 12(d).  Such indemnity shall remain in
          full  force and effect regardless of any investigation made by or
          on  behalf  of  the Company  or  any  controlling  person of  the
          Company.  In the event that indemnity is not available, each such
          holder severally agrees to contribute to any and all losses based
          on  the relative  faults of the  parties involved as  well as any
          other equitable factors which may be appropriate.

               (e)  If  requested by the original  holders of not less than
          25% of  the outstanding  Warrants, the  Company and  such holders
          shall  enter into  an underwriting  agreement with  an investment
          banking firm containing customary representations, warranties and
          provisions  relating  to  indemnification and  contribution.   In
          addition,  the  Company  shall  use  its  reasonable  efforts  to
          cooperate  with such  investment banking  firm to  facilitate any
          such offering.

               (f)  The  Company shall  make  available to  the holders  of
          Warrants copies of the prospectus so that such holders may comply
          with their prospectus delivery requirements.

               (g)  The  Company  shall   pay  all  out-of-pocket  expenses
          incurred in connection with the Registration Statement including,
          without limitation, all SEC and blue  sky registration and filing
          fees, printing expenses,  transfer agents' and  registrars' fees,
          fees  and disbursements of the Company's and the Warrant holders'
          counsel  (provided  however that  the  Warrant  holders are  only
          entitled to one  counsel as a group selected by  the holders of a
          majority   of  the   Shares)   and  accountants   and  fees   and
          disbursements of  experts used by the Company  in connection with
          such  registration,  provided,  that  the Company  shall  not  be
          required to pay any underwriting discounts or commissions.

               (h)  The  provisions of this Section 12  are for the benefit
          of the  holders of Warrants and  persons who may be  deemed to be
          affiliates  of the Company acquiring  Shares upon the exercise of
          Warrants and shall survive the  expiration and/or exercise of the
          Warrants.

               Section 13.   Adjustment  of Exercise  Price  and Number  of
          Shares Purchasable  or Number of  Warrants.  The  Exercise Price,
          the  number  of  Shares purchasable  upon  the  exercise of  each
          Warrant and  the number of  Warrants outstanding  are subject  to
          adjustment  from time to time  upon the occurrence  of the events
          enumerated in this Section 13.




                                        - 10 -<PAGE>







               (a)  If the Company  shall (i) pay a dividend  on its shares
          of Class A Common Stock in shares of either Class  A Common Stock
          or shares of the Company's Class B Common  Stock, $.20 par value,
          (ii) subdivide its  outstanding shares  of Class A  Common Stock,
          (iii) combine its outstanding shares of Class A Common Stock into
          a  smaller  number  of   shares  of  Class  A  Common   Stock  or
          (iv) reclassify  the Class  A  Common Stock  (including any  such
          reclassification in connection with  a consolidation or merger in
          which the Company is  the continuing corporation), the number  of
          Shares  purchasable  upon exercise  of  each  Warrant immediately
          prior  thereto shall  be  adjusted so  that  the holder  of  each
          Warrant shall be entitled  upon exercise to receive the  kind and
          number  of Shares or other  securities of the  Company which such
          holder  would have owned or  have been entitled  to receive after
          the  happening of  any of  the events  described above,  had such
          Warrant been exercised immediately prior to the happening of such
          event or any  record date  with respect thereto.   An  adjustment
          made  pursuant  to  this  paragraph (a)  shall  become  effective
          immediately after the effective date of such event retroactive to
          the record date,  if any, for  such event.   In addition, in  the
          event of  any  reclassification  of  the Class  A  Common  Stock,
          references  in  this Agreement  to  Class  A  Common Stock  shall
          thereafter  be deemed to refer  to the securities  into which the
          Class A Common Stock shall have been reclassified.

               (b)  If the Company shall  issue rights, options or warrants
          to  all holders of its outstanding Class A Common Stock entitling
          them for a period of 45 days or less to subscribe for or purchase
          shares of Class A Common Stock at a price per share that is lower
          than  the  market price  per share  of Class  A Common  Stock (as
          defined in paragraph (f)  below) as of the record  date mentioned
          below,  the  number of  Shares  thereafter  purchasable upon  the
          exercise of each  Warrant shall be determined  by multiplying the
          number of  Shares theretofore  purchasable upon exercise  of each
          Warrant by  a fraction, (i) the  numerator of which shall  be the
          number of shares of Class A Common Stock  outstanding on the date
          of issuance of such  rights, options or warrants plus  the number
          of  additional  shares  of  Class  A  Common  Stock  offered  for
          subscription or purchase, and (ii) the denominator of which shall
          be the  number of shares of  Class A Common Stock  outstanding on
          the date of issuance of such rights, options or warrants plus the
          number  of shares which the aggregate offering price of the total
          number  of  shares  of Class  A  Common  Stock  so offered  would
          purchase at the market price per share of Class A Common Stock at
          such record date (the date of computation referenced in paragraph
          (f)  below).  Such adjustment shall be made whenever such rights,
          options    or warrants  are  issued, and  shall  become effective
          immediately on  the date of  issuance retroactive  to the  record
          date for  the determination  of stockholders entitled  to receive
          such rights, options or warrants.




                                        - 11 -<PAGE>





            For the purposes of adjustments required by paragraph (b) of
          this Section  13, the  shares of  Class A  Common Stock  that the
          holder of  any outstanding rights,  options or warrants  shall be
          entitled  to  subscribe for  or purchase  shall  be deemed  to be
          issued  and outstanding  as  of the  date  of sale,  issuance  or
          distribution of such securities to  the extent that an adjustment
          has been made for  such issuance pursuant to such  paragraph (b),
          and the  consideration, if any, received by  the Company therefor
          shall be deemed to  be the consideration received by  the Company
          for such securities, plus the consideration or premiums stated in
          such securities to be paid for the shares of Class A Common Stock
          covered thereby.

               (c)  If  the Company shall distribute  to all holders of its
          shares of Class A  Common Stock evidences of its  indebtedness or
          assets (excluding cash dividends  or distributions payable out of
          consolidated  earnings  or   earned  surplus  and  dividends   or
          distributions  referred to  in  paragraph (a)  above) or  rights,
          options or  warrants  or convertible  or exchangeable  securities
          containing the right to subscribe for or purchase shares of Class
          A  Common Stock  (excluding  those referred  to in  paragraph (b)
          above), then  in  each  case  the  number  of  Shares  thereafter
          purchasable upon the exercise of each Warrant shall be determined
          by multiplying the number  of Shares theretofore purchasable upon
          the exercise of each Warrant, by a fraction, (i) the numerator of
          which shall be the then current market price per share of Class A
          Common Stock (as defined  in paragraph (f) below) on  the date of
          such  distribution   (the  date  of   computation  referenced  in
          paragraph  (f) below), and (ii) the denominator of which shall be
          the then current market  price per share of Class A  Common Stock
          (as  defined  in  paragraph  (f)  below)  on  the  date  of  such
          distribution (the date of computation referenced in paragraph (f)
          below), less the  then fair  value (as determined  in good  faith
          by the  Board of  Directors of  the Company,  whose determination
          shall  be conclusive and shall be evidenced by a resolution filed
          with the Warrant Agent) of the portion of the assets or evidences
          of indebtedness so distributed or of subscription rights, options
          or warrants  or convertible  or exchangeable securities,  in each
          instance applicable to one share of  Class A Common Stock.   Such
          adjustment  shall be made whenever any such distribution is made,
          and  shall   become  effective   on  the  date   of  distribution
          retroactive  to   the  record  date  for   the  determination  of
          stockholders entitled to receive such distribution. 

               (d)  For the purpose of  any computation under paragraph (b)
          of this Section 13, the current or closing market price per share
          of Class  A Common Stock  at any date  shall be deemed to  be the
          average of  the daily closing  prices (determined as  provided in
          Section  14(c)) for the 15 consecutive trading days commencing 20
          trading days before the date of such computation.




                                        - 12 -<PAGE>






               (e)    Except  for  adjustments required  by  paragraph  (k)
          hereof,  no  adjustment  in  the  number  of  Shares  purchasable
          hereunder shall be required  unless such adjustment would require
          an increase  or decrease  of  at least  one percent  (1%) in  the
          number  of Shares purchasable upon  the exercise of each Warrant;
          provided, however, that  any adjustments which by  reason of this
          paragraph  (e) are  not  required to  be  made shall  be  carried
          forward and taken into account in any subsequent adjustment.  All
          calculations shall be made to the nearest cent and to the nearest
          one-hundredth of a share, as the case may be.

               (f)    Whenever the  number of Shares  purchasable upon  the
          exercise  of each Warrant is adjusted as herein provided (whether
          or  not the Company then or thereafter elects to issue additional
          Warrants  in substitution  for  an adjustment  in  the number  of
          Shares as provided in paragraph  (k) hereof), the Exercise  Price
          payable  upon exercise  of  each  Warrant  shall be  adjusted  by
          multiplying  such   Exercise  Price  immediately  prior  to  such
          adjustment by a  fraction, the  numerator of which  shall be  the
          number of Shares  purchasable upon the  exercise of each  Warrant
          immediately prior to such adjustment and the denominator of which
          shall  be  the  number   of  Shares  so  purchasable  immediately
          thereafter.

               (g)  For the purpose of this Section 13, the term "shares of
          Class  A  Common  Stock"  shall  mean  (i) the  class  of   stock
          designated as the Class A Common Stock of the Company at the date
          of this  Agreement, or  (ii) any other  class of  stock resulting
          from  successive  changes  or  reclassification  of  such  shares
          consisting solely of changes  in par value, or from par  value to
          no par value, or from no par value to par value.  If at any time,
          as a result of  an adjustment made  pursuant to paragraph (a)  or
          (c)  above, the  holders  of Warrants  shall  become entitled  to
          purchase  any shares of the Company other  than shares of Class A
          Common Stock,  thereafter the  provisions of this  Agreement with
          respect to Shares, including,  without limitation, the provisions
          regarding adjustments to be made from time to time to  the number
          of such other shares so purchasable upon exercise of each Warrant
          and the Exercise Price of such  shares, shall apply as nearly  as
          practicable in an equivalent manner to such other shares.

               (h)  Upon the expiration of any rights, options, warrants or
          conversion or exchange privileges, if any thereof  shall not have
          been  exercised, the Exercise Price  and the number  of shares of
          Class  A  Common  Stock purchasable  upon  the  exercise  of each
          Warrant  shall, upon  such  expiration, be  readjusted and  shall
          thereafter be such as it  would have been had it been  originally
          adjusted (or  had the original  adjustment not been  required, as
          the case  may be)  as if (i)  the only shares  of Class  A Common
          Stock so issued were the shares of Class A Common  Stock, if any,
          actually  issued  or  sold  upon the  exercise  of  such  rights,
          options, warrants or conversion or exchange rights  and (ii) such


                                        - 13 -<PAGE>







          shares of Class A Common  Stock, if any, were issued or  sold for
          the  consideration actually  received  by the  Company upon  such
          exercise  plus  the  aggregate  consideration, if  any,  actually
          received by the Company for the issuance, sale or grant of all of
          such rights,  options, warrants or conversion  or exchange rights
          whether  or not  exercised; provided,  that no  such readjustment
          shall  have  the  effect  of  increasing  the Exercise  Price  or
          decreasing the number  of shares by  an amount  in excess of  the
          amount  of the  adjustment  initially  made  in  respect  to  the
          issuance,  sale or  grant of  such rights,  options, warrants  or
          conversion or exchange rights.

               (i)   The Company in its  discretion may elect, on  or after
          the date of any adjustment required by paragraphs  (a) and (b) of
          this Section 13, to adjust the number of Warrants in substitution
          for  an adjustment in the  number of Shares  purchasable upon the
          exercise  of a Warrant.   Each of the  Warrants outstanding after
          such adjustment  of the number  of Warrants shall  be exercisable
          for  the same  number  of Shares  as  immediately prior  to  such
          adjustment.  Each Warrant held of record prior to such adjustment
          of  the number of Warrants  shall become that  number of Warrants
          (calculated to  the nearest  hundredth) obtained by  dividing the
          Exercise  Price in  effect prior  to adjustment  of  the Exercise
          Price by the  Exercise Price  in effect after  adjustment of  the
          Exercise Price.  The Company shall notify the holders of Warrants
          in the same manner as provided in the first paragraph  of Section
          15,  of its election to adjust the number of Warrants, indicating
          the record date  for the adjustment, and,  if known at  the time,
          the amount of the adjustment to be made.  This record date may be
          the  date  on which  the Exercise  Price is  adjusted or  any day
          thereafter.   Upon  each adjustment  of  the number  of  Warrants
          pursuant  to this paragraph (i) the Company shall, as promptly as
          practicable,  cause to  be distributed  to holders  of record  of
          Warrants  on such  record date  Warrant Certificates  evidencing,
          subject to  Section 14,  the  additional Warrants  to which  such
          holders shall be entitled as a result of  such adjustment, or, at
          the option of the Company, shall cause to be distributed  to such
          holders of record in substitution and replacement for the Warrant
          Certificates   held  by  such  holders  prior   to  the  date  of
          adjustment,  and  upon  surrender  thereof, if  required  by  the
          Company, new Warrant Certificates  evidencing all the Warrants to
          be issued,  executed and  registered in  the manner  specified in
          Sections  4, 5 and 6  (and which may  bear, at the  option of the
          Company, the adjusted Exercise Price) and shall be registered  in
          the names of the holders of record of Warrant Certificates on the
          record date specified in the notice.

               (j)  Except  as provided in  paragraphs (a) and (b)  of this
          Section  13, no adjustment to  the number of  Shares which may be
          purchased upon exercise of any Warrant in respect of any dividend
          shall be made  during the term of a Warrant  or upon the exercise
          of a Warrant.


                                        - 14 -<PAGE>







               (k)  In  case of  any consolidation of  the Company with  or
          merger of the Company into another  corporation or in case of any
          sale  or conveyance to another corporation of the property of the
          Company as an  entirety or  substantially as an  entirety or  the
          Company  is a party to  a merger or  binding share exchange which
          reclassifies or changes its outstanding Class A Common Stock, the
          Company or such successor or purchasing corporation,  as the case
          may be, shall  execute with  the Warrant Agent  an agreement,  in
          form  and substance  substantially equivalent to  this Agreement,
          that  each holder of a  Warrant shall have  the right thereafter,
          subject to terms and conditions substantially equivalent to those
          contained  in this Agreement, upon payment  of the Exercise Price
          in effect  immediately  prior to  such  action to  purchase  upon
          exercise of each Warrant the kind and amount  of shares and other
          securities and  property which  such holder  would have  owned or
          have  been  entitled  to  receive  after  the happening  of  such
          consolidation, merger,  sale or conveyance had  such Warrant been
          exercised immediately  prior to such  action.  The  Company shall
          mail  by first-class  mail, postage  prepaid, to  each registered
          holder  of a  Warrant,  notice  of  the  execution  of  any  such
          agreement.   Such agreement shall provide  for adjustments, which
          shall  be as  nearly  equivalent as  may  be practicable  to  the
          adjustments provided for in  this Section 13.  The  provisions of
          this   paragraph   (k)  shall   similarly  apply   to  successive
          consolidations, mergers, sales or conveyances.  The Warrant Agent
          shall  be  under  no  duty  or  responsibility  to  determine the
          correctness  of any  provisions contained  in any  such agreement
          relating either to the kind or amount of shares of stock or other
          securities or  property receivable  upon exercise of  Warrants or
          with  respect to the method employed and provided therein for any
          adjustments and  shall be  entitled to rely  upon the  provisions
          contained in any such agreement

               (l)  Irrespective of any  adjustments in the Exercise  Price
          or the number or kind of  shares purchasable upon the exercise of
          the  Warrants,  Warrants  theretofore or  thereafter  issued  may
          continue to express the same price and number and kind  of shares
          as are stated in the Warrants initially issuable pursuant to this
          Agreement.

               Section 14.  Fractional Warrants and Fractional Shares.

               (a)  The Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
          Warrants on any  distribution of Warrants  to holders of  Warrant
          Certificates pursuant  to Section 13(k) or  to distribute Warrant
          Certificates that evidence fractional Warrants.   In lieu of such
          fractional Warrants there shall be paid to the registered holders
          of the Warrant Certificates with regard to which  such fractional
          Warrants  would otherwise be issuable, an amount in cash equal to
          the same fraction  of the current market value of a full Warrant.
          For purposes of this Section 14(a), the current market value of a
          Warrant  shall be the closing price of one Warrant (as determined


                                        - 15 -<PAGE>







          pursuant to paragraph (c) below)  for the trading day immediately
          prior to the  date on  which such fractional  Warrant would  have
          been otherwise issuable.

               (b)   Notwithstanding any adjustment pursuant  to Section 13
          in  the number  of  Shares purchasable  upon  the exercise  of  a
          Warrant,  the Company shall not be required to issue fractions of
          Shares   upon  exercise   of  the   Warrants  or   to  distribute
          certificates  which  evidence  fractional  Shares.   In  lieu  of
          fractional Shares, there shall be  paid to the registered holders
          of Warrant Certificates at the time such Warrant Certificates are
          exercised as herein provided  an amount in cash equal to the same
          fraction of the current market value of a share of Class A Common
          Stock minus the equivalent  fraction of the exercise price.   For
          purposes of this  Section 14(b),  the current market  value of  a
          share  of Class A  Common Stock shall  be the closing  price of a
          share  of  Class  A  Common  Stock  (as  determined  pursuant  to
          paragraph (c) below) for the trading day immediately prior to the
          date of such exercise.

               (c)  The  closing price for each day shall  be the last sale
          price, regular  way, or, if no such sale takes place on such day,
          the average of the closing bid and asked prices, regular way, for
          such  day,   in  either  case   as  reported  in   the  principal
          consolidated   transaction  reporting  system   with  respect  to
          securities  listed or admitted to  trading on the  New York Stock
          Exchange or, if the Warrants or Class A Common Stock, as the case
          may be, are not listed or  admitted to trading on such  exchange,
          as reported  on the principal consolidated  transaction reporting
          system  with  respect  to  securities  listed  on  the  principal
          national securities  exchange on  which the Warrants  or Class  A
          Common Stock, respectively,  is listed or admitted to trading, or
          if the  Warrants or Class A Common Stock,  as the case may be, is
          not listed  or  admitted to  trading on  any national  securities
          exchange,  as reported on NASDAQ/NMS or, if the Warrants or Class
          A Common Stock, as the case may  be, is not listed or admitted to
          trading on NASDAQ/NMS, as reported on NASDAQ.

               Section 15.  Notices to Warrantholders.  Upon any adjustment
          of the  number  of  Shares  purchasable  upon  exercise  of  each
          Warrant, the Exercise Price or the number of Warrants outstanding
          pursuant  to Section  13,  the Company  within  20 calendar  days
          thereafter shall (i) cause to  be filed with the Warrant  Agent a
          certificate  of  a  firm  of independent  public  accountants  of
          recognized  standing selected  by  the Company  (who  may be  the
          regular auditors of the Company) setting forth the Exercise Price
          and either the number of Shares purchasable upon exercise of each
          Warrant or the  additional number  of Warrants to  be issued  for
          each  previously outstanding Warrant,  as the case  may be, after
          such adjustment and setting forth in reasonable detail the method
          of calculation and the facts upon which such adjustment was made,
          which certificate shall be conclusive evidence of the correctness


                                        - 16 -<PAGE>







          of  the matters  set forth  therein, and  (ii) cause the  Warrant
          Agent to  give to each of  the registered holders of  the Warrant
          Certificates at  such holder's  address appearing on  the Warrant
          Register written notice of  such adjustments by first-class mail,
          postage  prepaid.  Where appropriate, such notice may be given in
          advance and  included as  a part  of the  notice  required to  be
          mailed under the other provisions of this Section 15.

               If:

                    (a)  the Company shall declare  any dividend payable in
               any  securities upon its shares  of Class A  Common Stock or
               make any  distribution (other than a  cash dividend declared
               in  the ordinary  course) to  the holders  of its  shares of
               Class A Common Stock, or

                    (b)   the  Company shall  offer to  the holders  of its
               shares of  Class A  Common Stock  any  additional shares  of
               Class  A   Common   Stock  or   securities  convertible   or
               exchangeable  into  shares of  Class A  Common Stock  or any
               right to subscribe for or purchase Class A Common Stock, or

                    (c)    there shall  be  a  dissolution, liquidation  or
               winding up of the  Company (other than in connection  with a
               consolidation, merger or sale of all or substantially all of
               its property, assets and business as an entirety),

               then  the Company  shall  (i) cause written  notice of  such
          event to be filed with the  Warrant Agent and shall cause written
          notice  of  such event  to  be given  to each  of  the registered
          holders  of the  Warrant  Certificates at  such holder's  address
          appearing on  the Warrant Register, by  first-class mail, postage
          prepaid, and (ii) make  a public announcement in  a daily morning
          English  language newspaper  of general  circulation in  New York
          City,  New  York,  and  in  a  daily  morning  Norwegian language
          newspaper of  general circulation in Oslo, Norway, of such event,
          such giving of notice and publication to be completed at least 10
          calendar  days  (or 20  calendar days  in  any case  specified in
          clause (c) above) prior to the date fixed as a record date or the
          date of closing the  transfer books for the determination  of the
          stockholders   entitled   to  such   dividend,   distribution  or
          subscription  rights, or  for  the determination  of stockholders
          entitled  to vote  on such  proposed dissolution,  liquidation or
          winding up. Such  notice shall  specify such record  date or  the
          date  of closing  the transfer  books, as  the case  may  be. The
          failure to  give the notice  required by  this Section 15  or any
          defect therein shall not  affect the legality or validity  of any
          dividend,  distribution,  right,  option,  warrant,  dissolution,
          liquidation  or winding up or  the vote upon  or any other action
          taken in connection therewith.




                                        - 17 -<PAGE>







               Section  16.   Merger, Consolidation  or Change  of Name  of
          Warrant  Agent.  Any corporation into which the Warrant Agent may
          be merged or converted or  with which it may be consolidated,  or
          any  corporation  resulting  from   any  merger,  conversion   or
          consolidation to which the Warrant Agent shall be a party, or any
          corporation   succeeding to the shareholder  services business of
          the  Warrant Agent, shall be  the successor to  the Warrant Agent
          hereunder without the  execution or  filing of any  paper or  any
          further act  on the part  of any of the  parties hereto, provided
          that  such corporation  would be  eligible for  appointment as  a
          successor Warrant Agent under  the provisions of Section 18.   If
          at the time  such successor  to the Warrant  Agent shall  succeed
          under  this Agreement, any of the Warrant Certificates shall have
          been  countersigned but not delivered,  any such successor to the
          Warrant  Agent may  adopt  the countersignature  of the  original
          Warrant  Agent;  and  if   at  that  time  any  of   the  Warrant
          Certificates shall not have  been countersigned, any successor to
          the  Warrant Agent  may  countersign  such  Warrant  Certificates
          either in the  name of the  predecessor Warrant  Agent or in  the
          name  of  the successor  Warrant Agent;  in  all such  cases such
          Warrant Certificates  shall have the  full force provided  in the
          Warrant Certificates and in this Agreement.

               If  at any  time  the name  of the  Warrant  Agent shall  be
          changed  and at such time  any of the  Warrant Certificates shall
          have  been countersigned  but  not delivered,  the Warrant  Agent
          whose name has changed  may adopt the countersignature under  its
          prior name; and if at that  time any of the Warrant  Certificates
          shall  not  have  been   countersigned,  the  Warrant  Agent  may
          countersign such Warrant Certificates either in its prior name or
          in  its  changed  name;  and  in  all  such  cases  such  Warrant
          Certificates shall have  the full force  provided in the  Warrant
          Certificates and in this Agreement.

               Section 17.   Warrant Agent.   The Warrant Agent  undertakes
          the  duties and  obligations imposed  by this Agreement  upon the
          following terms and conditions,  by all of which the  Company and
          the holders of  Warrants, by their  acceptance thereof, shall  be
          bound:

               (a)   The  statements contained  herein and  in  the Warrant
          Certificates shall be taken as statements of the Company, and the
          Warrant Agent  assumes no  responsibility for the  correctness of
          any of  the same  except such  as describe the  Warrant Agent  or
          action taken  or to be taken  by it.  Except  as herein otherwise
          provided,  the  Warrant  Agent  assumes  no  responsibility  with
          respect to the execution, delivery or distribution of the Warrant
          Certificates.

               (b)   The  Warrant Agent  shall not  be responsible  for any
          failure  of the  Company  to comply  with  any of  the  covenants
          contained  in this Agreement or in the Warrant Certificates to be


                                        - 18 -<PAGE>







          complied with  by the Company nor  shall it at any  time be under
          any duty or responsibility to any holder of a Warrant  to make or
          cause to be  made any adjustment in the Exercise  Price or in the
          number of Shares issuable upon exercise of any Warrant (except as
          instructed by  the Company),  or to  determine whether any  facts
          exist  which may require any such adjustments, or with respect to
          the nature  or extent of  or method  employed in making  any such
          adjustments when made.

               (c)  The Warrant Agent may consult at any time with  counsel
          satisfactory to it (who may  be counsel for the Company)  and the
          Warrant  Agent shall incur no liability  or responsibility to the
          Company  or any holder of  any Warrant Certificate  in respect of
          any action taken,  suffered or  omitted by it  hereunder in  good
          faith and in  accordance with the  opinion or the advice  of such
          counsel.

               (d)     The  Warrant  Agent  shall  incur  no  liability  or
          responsibility to the  Company or  to any holder  of any  Warrant
          Certificate  for  any action  taken  in reliance  on  any notice,
          resolution, waiver,  consent, order, certificate  or other paper,
          document or instrument believed in good faith by it to be genuine
          and to have been signed, sent or presented by the proper party or
          parties.

               (e)   The  Company  agrees  to  pay  to  the  Warrant  Agent
          reasonable compensation for all  services rendered by the Warrant
          Agent under this  Agreement, to reimburse the  Warrant Agent upon
          demand for all expenses, taxes and governmental charges and other
          charges of any kind  and nature incurred by the Warrant  Agent in
          the  performance  of its  duties,  under  this  Agreement and  to
          indemnify  the Warrant Agent and save it harmless against any and
          all losses, liabilities and expenses, including  judgments, costs
          and  reasonable counsel fees  and expenses, for  anything done or
          omitted by the Warrant Agent arising out of or in connection with
          this Agreement except as a result of its negligence or bad faith.

               (f)    The Warrant  Agent shall  be  under no  obligation to
          institute any action,  suit or  legal proceeding or  to take  any
          other  action likely to involve expense unless the Company or one
          or more registered holders  of Warrant Certificates shall furnish
          the Warrant Agent with reasonable  security and indemnity for any
          costs or expenses which  may be incurred.   All rights of  action
          under this Agreement or under any of the Warrants may be enforced
          by the Warrant Agent without the possession of any of the Warrant
          Certificates  or the  production thereof  at any  trial or  other
          proceeding  related  thereto,  and   any  such  action,  suit  or
          proceeding instituted  by the Warrant  Agent shall be  brought in
          its  name as Warrant Agent, and any recovery or judgment shall be
          for  the  ratable  benefit  of  the  registered  holders  of  the
          Warrants, as their respective rights or interests may appear.



                                        - 19 -<PAGE>







               (g)    The Warrant  Agent,  and  any stockholder,  director,
          officer or employee thereof, may buy, sell or deal in  any of the
          Warrants or other securities of the Company or become pecuniarily
          interested in  any  transaction  in  which  the  Company  may  be
          interested,  or contract  with or  lend money  to the  Company or
          otherwise act  as fully  and freely as  though they were  not the
          Warrant Agent  under this Agreement, or  a stockholder, director,
          officer or employee  of the Warrant  Agent, as  the case may  be.
          Nothing herein  shall preclude the  Warrant Agent from  acting in
          any other capacity for the Company or for any other legal entity.

               (h)  The Warrant  Agent shall act hereunder solely  as agent
          for the Company, and its duties shall be determined solely by the
          provisions hereof.   The Warrant  Agent shall not  be liable  for
          anything which it may do or refrain from doing in connection with
          this Agreement except for its own negligence or bad faith.

               (i)   The  Company  agrees that  it  will perform,  execute,
          acknowledge  and  deliver or  cause  to  be performed,  executed,
          acknowledged  and  delivered all  such  further  and other  acts,
          instruments  and assurances as may reasonably  be required by the
          Warrant Agent for  the carrying out or performing  the provisions
          of this Agreement.

               (j)  The Warrant Agent shall not be under any responsibility
          in respect of the validity of this Agreement or the execution and
          delivery hereof (except the  due execution hereof by the  Warrant
          Agent) or in  respect of the validity or execution of any Warrant
          Certificate (except its countersignature  thereof), nor shall the
          Warrant  Agent by  any  act  hereunder  be  deemed  to  make  any
          representation or warranty as to the authorization or reservation
          of the  Shares to  be issued pursuant  to this  Agreement or  any
          Warrant  Certificate or as to whether the Shares will when issued
          be  validly issued,  fully paid  and nonassessable  or as  to the
          Exercise  Price or the number of Shares issuable upon exercise of
          any Warrant.

               (k)   The Warrant Agent is hereby authorized and directed to
          accept instructions with respect to the performance of its duties
          hereunder from the Chairman of the Board, the President, any Vice
          President, the Treasurer, the Secretary or an Assistant Secretary
          of  the Company,  and  to apply  to such  officers for  advice or
          instructions in  connection  with its  duties, and  shall not  be
          liable for any action taken or suffered to be taken by it in good
          faith in accordance with  instructions of any such officer  or in
          good faith reliance upon any statement  signed by any one of such
          officers  of the  Company  with respect  to  any fact  or  matter
          (unless other evidence in  respect thereof is herein specifically
          prescribed) which  may be  deemed to be  conclusively proved  and
          established by such signed statement.




                                        - 20 -<PAGE>






               Section 18.  Change  of Warrant Agent.  If the Warrant Agent
          shall resign  (such resignation  to become effective  not earlier
          than  60 days after  the giving of written  notice thereof to the
          Company and  the registered  holders of Warrant  Certificates) or
          shall become incapable of acting as Warrant Agent or if the Board
          of  Directors  of the  Company  shall  by resolution  remove  the
          Warrant Agent (such removal to become effective  not earlier than
          30 days after the  filing of a certified copy of  such resolution
          with  the Warrant Agent and the  giving of written notice of such
          removal to  the registered holders of  Warrant Certificates), the
          Company shall appoint a successor  to the Warrant Agent.   If the
          Company shall fail to make such appointment within a period of 30
          days  after such  removal or  after it  has been  so notified  in
          writing of such resignation or incapacity by the Warrant Agent or
          by the registered holder of a Warrant Certificate (in the case of
          incapacity),  then   the  registered   holder   of  any   Warrant
          Certificate may apply to any court of competent jurisdiction  for
          the appointment of  a successor  to the Warrant  Agent.   Pending
          appointment  of a successor to  the Warrant Agent,  either by the
          Company or by such a court, the duties of the Warrant Agent shall
          be  carried out  by the  Company.   Any successor  Warrant Agent,
          whether appointed by the Company  or by such a court, shall  be a
          bank  or trust company, in  good standing, incorporated under the
          laws of any state or of the United States of America.  As soon as
          practicable after appointment of the successor Warrant Agent, the
          Company shall cause written  notice of the change in  the Warrant
          Agent  to be  given  to each  of  the registered  holders  of the
          Warrant Certificates  at such  holder's address appearing  on the
          Warrant Register.  After appointment, the successor Warrant Agent
          shall  be  vested  with  the  same  powers,  rights,  duties  and
          responsibilities  as if it  had been originally  named as Warrant
          Agent  without further  act or  deed.   The former  Warrant Agent
          shall deliver  and transfer  to the  successor Warrant  Agent any
          property  at  the  time held  by  it  hereunder  and execute  and
          deliver, at the  expense of the  Company, any further  assurance,
          conveyance,  act or deed necessary  for the purpose.   Failure to
          give any notice  provided for in  this Section 18  or any  defect
          therein, shall not affect the legality or validity of the removal
          of  the Warrant Agent or  the appointment of  a successor Warrant
          Agent, as the case may be.

               Section  19.    Warrantholder  Not  Deemed  a   Stockholder.
          Nothing  contained in  this Agreement  or in  any of  the Warrant
          Certificates shall  be construed  as conferring upon  the holders
          thereof  the right to vote or to  receive dividends or to consent
          or to receive notice  as stockholders in respect of  the meetings
          of stockholders or for  the election of directors of  the Company
          or  any other matter, or any rights whatsoever as stockholders of
          the Company.

               Section  20.   Delivery of  Prospectus.   If the  Company is
          required  under applicable  federal or  state securities  laws to


                                        - 21 -<PAGE>







          deliver a prospectus upon exercise  of Warrants, the Company will
          furnish to the Warrant  Agent sufficient copies of  a prospectus,
          and  the Warrant  Agent  agrees that  upon  the exercise  of  any
          Warrant Certificate by the holder thereof, the Warrant Agent will
          deliver  to  such holder,  prior  to  or  concurrently  with  the
          delivery of the certificate or certificates for the Shares issued
          upon such exercise, a copy of the prospectus.

               Section  21.   Notices to  Company and  Warrant Agent.   Any
          notice or demand authorized by this Agreement to be given or made
          by the Warrant Agent or  by any registered holder of  any Warrant
          Certificate to or on  the Company shall be sufficiently  given or
          made if sent by mail, first-class or registered, postage prepaid,
          addressed  (until  another address  is  filed in  writing  by the
          Company with the Warrant Agent), as follows:

                    A.L. Pharma Inc.
                    One Executive Drive
                    Fort Lee, New Jersey 07024

               If  the Company shall fail to maintain such office or agency
          or shall fail to give  such notice of any change in  the location
          thereof,  presentation may be made and notices and demands may be
          served at the principal office of the Warrant Agent.

               Any notice pursuant  to this  Agreement to be  given by  the
          Company or by any registered holder of any Warrant Certificate to
          the Warrant Agent shall  be sufficiently given if sent  by first-
          class mail, postage prepaid,  addressed (until another address is
          filed  in  writing by  the Warrant  Agent  with the  Company), as
          follows:

                    The First National Bank of Boston
                    150 Royall Street
                    Mail Stop 45-01-19
                    Canton, Massachusetts  02021

                    Attn:  Shareholder Services Division

          The  Warrant Agent maintains a Warrant Agent Office at BancBoston
          Trust  Company of  New  York, 55  Broadway,  New York,  New  York
          10006.

               Section 22.   Supplements and Amendments.   The Company  and
          the Warrant Agent may  from time to time supplement or amend this
          Agreement  without  the  approval   of  any  holders  of  Warrant
          Certificates in order  to cure any  ambiguity, manifest error  or
          other  mistake in this Agreement, or to correct or supplement any
          provision contained herein that  may be defective or inconsistent
          with  any other provision herein, or to make any other provisions
          in  regard to  matters or  questions arising  hereunder that  the
          Company and the Warrant Agent may deem necessary or desirable and


                                        - 22 -<PAGE>






          that shall not adversely affect, alter or change the interests of
          the holders of the Warrants in any material respect.

               Any  supplement or amendment of this Agreement which may not
          be made by the Company and the Warrant Agent without the approval
          of  holders of  Warrant  Certificates pursuant  to the  preceding
          paragraph  shall require the  approval of the  holders of Warrant
          Certificates  entitled  to  purchase   upon  exercise  thereof  a
          majority of the Shares  which may be purchased upon  the exercise
          of all  outstanding Warrant  Certificates at  the time  that such
          amendment  or  supplement is  to  be made.    Notwithstanding the
          foregoing, any  amendment or  supplement to this  Agreement which
          would  change the Expiration Date  to a date  prior to January 3,
          1999 or which would provide  for an adjustment to either (i)  the
          number of Shares purchasable  upon exercise of a Warrant  or (ii)
          the exercise price for which Shares are purchasable upon exercise
          of a Warrant,  in either case,  in a manner  not provided for  in
          this  agreement and  in a  manner that  would have  a substantial
          negative impact on the holders of Warrant Certificates, then such
          amendment or supplement shall require the  consent of the holders
          of all Warrant Certificates.

               Section  23.  Successors.   All the covenants and provisions
          of this  Agreement by or  for the benefit  of the Company  or the
          Warrant  Agent shall  bind  and inure  to  the benefit  of  their
          respective successors and assigns hereunder.

               Section 24.  Termination.  This Agreement shall terminate at
          the Close of  Business on the  Expiration Date.   Notwithstanding
          the foregoing, this Agreement will terminate on any  earlier date
          when all Warrants have been exercised.  The provisions of Section
          18 shall survive such termination.

               Section 25.  Governing Law.  This Agreement and each Warrant
          Certificate  issued hereunder  shall be deemed  to be  a contract
          made under the laws of the State of New York and for all purposes
          shall  be construed in accordance  with the internal  laws of the
          State of New York without regard to principles of conflict of law
          or  choice  of  laws of  the  State  of  New  York or  any  other
          jurisdiction  which would cause the application of any laws other
          than of the State of New York.

               Section  26.  Benefits of  this Agreement.   Nothing in this
          Agreement shall be construed to give to any person or corporation
          other than  the Company,  the Warrant  Agent  and the  registered
          holders of the Warrant Certificates any legal or equitable right,
          remedy or claim under this Agreement, and this Agreement shall be
          for  the sole and exclusive  benefit of the  Company, the Warrant
          Agent and the registered holders of the Warrant Certificates.

               Section 27.   Counterparts.  This Agreement  may be executed
          in a number of  counterparts and each of such  counterparts shall


                                        - 23 -<PAGE>







          all   for  purposes  be  deemed  to  be  an  original,  and  such
          counterparts  shall  together constitute  but  one  and the  same
          instrument.

               Section 28.   Headings.   The headings of  sections of  this
          Agreement have  been inserted for convenience  of reference only,
          are not to be considered a part hereof and shall in no way modify
          or restrict any of the terms or provisions hereof.


                                *    *    *    *    *











































                                        - 24 -<PAGE>







               IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF the  parties  hereto  have caused  this
          Warrant Agreement to be executed and  delivered as of the day and
          year first above written.

                                           A.L. PHARMA INC.


                                           By       /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith   
                                                                 
                                                 Title:  Chief Financial
                                           Officer/Executive
                                                     Vice President
           ATTEST:


                /s/ Beth P. Hecht          
                                   

                                           THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
                                           BOSTON


                                           By       /s/ Katherine S.
                                           Anderson                   
                                                 Title:  Administration
                                           Manager
           ATTEST:



























                                        - 25 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

                                      EXHIBIT A

                        [FORM OF FACE OF WARRANT CERTIFICATE]

               THIS WARRANT WAS  ORIGINALLY ISSUED ON  ______________,
               1994  AND SUCH  ISSUANCE WAS  NOT REGISTERED  UNDER THE
               SECURITIES  ACT OF  1933, AS  AMENDED  (THE "SECURITIES
               ACT"),  OR ANY STATE OR  OTHER SECURITIES LAW.  NEITHER
               THIS WARRANT  NOR THE  CLASS A COMMON  STOCK OBTAINABLE
               UPON EXERCISE HEREOF MAY BE OFFERED OR SOLD, PLEDGED OR
               OTHERWISE DISPOSED OF, EXCEPT  PURSUANT TO AN EFFECTIVE
               REGISTRATION STATEMENT UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND ANY
               APPLICABLE STATE OR OTHER SECURITIES  LAW COVERING SUCH
               SECURITY  OR  PURSUANT  TO   AN  EXEMPTION  FROM   SUCH
               REGISTRATION REQUIREMENT.  THE TRANSFER AND EXERCISE OF
               THIS  WARRANT ARE  ALSO  SUBJECT TO  THE CONDITIONS  ON
               TRANSFER   AND  EXERCISE   SPECIFIED  IN   THE  WARRANT
               AGREEMENT, DATED AS OF  October 3, 1994 (AS AMENDED AND
               MODIFIED FROM TIME TO  TIME), BETWEEN THE ISSUER HEREOF
               (THE "COMPANY") AND THE  FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON,
               AS  WARRANT AGENT;  THE COMPANY  AND THE  WARRANT AGENT
               EACH RESERVE THE  RIGHT TO REFUSE THE  TRANSFER OF THIS
               WARRANT UNTIL SUCH CONDITIONS  HAVE BEEN FULFILLED WITH
               RESPECT TO SUCH TRANSFER.  UPON WRITTEN REQUEST, A COPY
               OF SUCH CONDITIONS SHALL BE FURNISHED BY THE COMPANY TO
               THE HOLDER HEREOF WITHOUT CHARGE.

                              VOID AFTER JANUARY 3, 1999

          No. C-                                        WARRANT TO PURCHASE
                                             SHARES OF CLASS A COMMON STOCK

                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.

                       WARRANT TO PURCHASE CLASS A COMMON STOCK

               This Warrant Certificate certifies that  ________________ or
          registered assigns, is  the registered holder  of a Warrant  (the
          "Warrant")  of  A.L. Pharma  Inc.,  a  Delaware corporation  (the
          "Company"), to  purchase the number  of shares (the  "Shares") of
          Class  A  Common  Stock, $.20  par  value  (the  "Class A  Common
          Stock"), of the Company set forth above.  This Warrant expires at
          the close of business on January 3, 1999 (the "Expiration Date"),
          unless such date  is extended at the  option of the Company,  and
          entitles  the holder to purchase  from the Company  the number of
          fully  paid  and  nonassessable  Shares set  forth  above  at the
          initial  exercise  price  of  $21.9450  (the  "Exercise  Price"),
          payable in lawful money of the United States of America.

               Subject  to the terms and conditions set forth herein and in
          the Warrant  Agreement referred to  on the  reverse hereof,  this
          Warrant  may   be  exercised  upon  surrender   of  this  Warrant
          Certificate  and payment of an amount equal to the Exercise Price
          multiplied  by the number of Shares to be purchased upon exercise
          hereof at the office or agency of the Warrant Agent at BancBoston


                                        - 26 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          Trust Company of New York, 55 Broadway, New York, New York  10006
          (the "Warrant Agent Office").

               The Exercise Price and the number of Shares purchasable upon
          exercise  of  this Warrant  are  subject to  adjustment  upon the
          occurrence  of  certain  events  as  set  forth  in  the  Warrant
          Agreement.     The  holder  hereof  by   accepting  this  Warrant
          Certificate hereby acknowledges and consents to  the restrictions
          regarding transfer and exercise of  this Warrant contained in the
          Warrant Agreement.

               No  Warrant may be exercised prior to the earlier of October
          3, 1995 or  the date on which a  registration statement under the
          Securities Act covering  the Warrants and  the Shares shall  have
          been declared effective by  the SEC, and such other action as may
          be required by  federal or state law relating to  the issuance or
          distribution of securities shall have been taken (the "Restricted
          Period  Termination Date"), or after the Close of Business on the
          Expiration  Date,  unless the  Company  exercises  its option  to
          extend such date.   After the Close of Business on the Expiration
          Date, the Warrants will become void and of no value.

               REFERENCE IS HEREBY MADE  TO THE FURTHER PROVISIONS  OF THIS
          WARRANT CERTIFICATE  SET  FORTH  ON  THE REVERSE  HEREOF.    SUCH
          FURTHER PROVISIONS SHALL FOR ALL PURPOSES HAVE THE SAME EFFECT AS
          THOUGH FULLY SET FORTH AT THIS PLACE.

               This Warrant Certificate shall  not be valid unless manually
          countersigned by the Warrant Agent.




























                                        - 27 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the  Company has caused this Certificate
          to be executed by its duly authorized officers, and the corporate
          seal hereunto affixed.

               Dated: ________________.


                                           A.L. PHARMA INC.


                                           By 
                                                        Title

           [Corporate Seal of A.L. Pharma
           Inc.]

           ATTEST:


           By 
                                     
           Title



           Countersigned:
           THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF
           BOSTON
           AS WARRANT AGENT


           By 

























                                        - 28 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

                       [Form of Reverse of Warrant Certificate]

                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.

               The warrant evidenced by this warrant certificate is part of
          a  duly authorized  issue of  Warrants to  purchase a  maximum of
          three million, six hundred thousand (3,600,000) Shares of Class A
          Common  Stock issued pursuant to a Warrant Agreement, dated as of
          October 3,  1994 (the  "Warrant  Agreement"),  duly executed  and
          delivered by the  Company and The First National  Bank of Boston,
          as Warrant  Agent (the "Warrant  Agent").  The  Warrant Agreement
          hereby is incorporated  by reference in and  made a part  of this
          instrument and is should be referred to for  a description of the
          rights, limitation of rights, obligations,  duties and immunities
          thereunder of the Warrant Agent, the Company and the holders (the
          words  "holders" or  "holder" meaning  the registered  holders or
          registered  holder)  of the  Warrants.   A  copy  of  the Warrant
          Agreement may be  inspected at  the Warrant Agent  Office and  is
          available upon  written request  addressed to  the Company.   All
          terms used herein that are  defined in the Warrant Agreement have
          the meanings assigned to them therein.

               Warrants  may  be  exercised  to purchase  Shares  from  the
          Company  before the Close of Business  on the Expiration Date, at
          the  Exercise Price  set forth  on  the face  hereof, subject  to
          adjustment as described in the Warrant Agreement.   The holder of
          the Warrant  evidenced by  this Warrant Certificate  may exercise
          such Warrant  by surrendering  the Warrant Certificate,  with the
          form of election to purchase set forth hereon  properly completed
          and  executed, together  with payment  of the  aggregate Exercise
          Price, in  lawful money of the United  States of America, and any
          applicable  transfer  taxes,  by  wire  transfer  of  immediately 
          available funds,  certified check or  official bank check  at the
          Warrant Agent Office.

               In the event that upon any exercise of the Warrant evidenced
          hereby the number of Shares actually purchased shall be less than
          the  total number  of  Shares purchasable  upon  exercise of  the
          Warrant  evidenced hereby,  there shall  be issued to  the holder
          hereof,  or such  holder's  assignee, a  new Warrant  Certificate
          evidencing a Warrant to purchase the Shares not so purchased.  No
          adjustment  shall be  made for any  cash dividends  on any Shares
          issuable  upon  exercise of  this Warrant.    After the  Close of
          Business  on  the  Expiration Date,  unexercised  Warrants  shall
          become void and of no value.

               The  Company shall  not  be required  to issue  fractions of
          Shares or any certificates  that evidence fractional Shares.   In
          lieu of such fractional Shares, there shall be paid to holders of
          the  Warrant Certificates  with regard  to which  such fractional
          Shares would otherwise be issuable an amount in cash equal to the
          same fraction of the current market value (as determined pursuant
          to the Warrant Agreement) of a full Share minus the same fraction
          of the exercise price.

               Warrant Certificates, when surrendered at  the Warrant Agent
          Office by the registered holder  thereof in person or by a  legal


                                        - 29 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

          representative  or attorney  duly authorized  in writing,  may be
          exchanged,  in the manner and subject to the limitations provided
          in  the Warrant  Agreement, but  without payment  of any  service
          charge, for another  Warrant Certificate or  Warrant Certificates
          of like tenor evidencing a Warrant to purchase in the aggregate a
          like number of Shares.

               Upon due  presentment for  registration of transfer  of this
          Warrant Certificate  at the Warrant  Agent Office, a  new Warrant
          Certificate or Warrant Certificates  of like tenor and evidencing
          a Warrant or Warrants  to purchase in the aggregate a like number
          of Shares shall be issued to the transferee in  exchange for this
          Warrant Certificate,  subject to the limitations  provided in the
          Warrant  Agreement, without charge,  except for any  tax or other
          governmental charge imposed in connection therewith.

               The Company  and  Warrant  Agent  may  deem  and  treat  the
          registered holder  hereof as the  absolute owner of  this Warrant
          Certificate (notwithstanding  any notation of ownership  or other
          writing hereon made  by anyone) for  the purpose of  any exercise
          hereof  and for any other  purposes, and neither  the Company nor
          the  Warrant  Agent  shall be  affected  by  any  notice  to  the
          contrary.



































                                        - 30 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

                                 ELECTION TO EXERCISE

                    (TO BE EXECUTED UPON EXERCISE OF THE WARRANT)

               The  undersigned hereby  irrevocably elects to  exercise the
          right,  represented  by  this  Warrant  Certificate  to  purchase
          ________ Shares and  herewith tenders in payment for  such Shares
          $________ in lawful  money of  the United States  of America,  in
          accordance with the terms hereof.   The undersigned requests that
          a  certificate   representing  such  Shares   be  registered  and
          delivered as follows:


                                         Name



                                       Address


                           Delivery Address (if different)

          If  such number  of Shares is  less than the  aggregate number of
          Shares purchasable hereunder, the undersigned requests that a new
          Warrant Certificate  representing the balance  of such Shares  be
          registered and delivered as follows:


                                         Name



                                       Address


                           Delivery Address (if different)



             Social Security or Other                       Signature
              Taxpayer Identification
                 Number of Holder

               Note:  The  above signature  must correspond  with
                      the name as written upon the face of  this Warrant
                      Certificate    in   every    particular,   without
                      alteration   or   enlargement   or    any   change
                      whatsoever.   In  addition,  the signature  of the
                      holder hereof must be guaranteed.
             SIGNATURE
           GUARANTEED:






                                        - 31 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013


























































                                        - 32 -<PAGE>


          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\WARRANT.013

                                      ASSIGNMENT

                   (TO BE EXECUTED BY THE REGISTERED HOLDER IF SUCH
                 HOLDER DESIRES TO TRANSFER THE WARRANT CERTIFICATE)

               FOR VALUE RECEIVED, the undersigned registered holder hereby
          sells assigns and transfers unto



                                   Name of Assignee



                                 Address of Assignee

          this Warrant  Certificate, together  with  all right,  title  and
          interest  therein,  and does  irrevocably constitute  and appoint
          ________________  attorney,   to  transfer  the   within  Warrant
          Certificate on the books of the Warrant Agent, with full power of
          substitution.


                             
                             Dated                                Signature

                              Note:    The  above   signature  must
                                       correspond with the  name as  written
                                       upon   the   face  of   this  Warrant
                                       Certificate   in   every  particular,
                                       without alteration or enlargement  or
                                       any change whatsoever.   In addition,
                                       the  signature  of the  holder hereof
                                       must be guaranteed.

               
                            Social Security or Other Taxpayer
                Identification Number of Holder
           SIGNATURE GUARANTEED:


















                                        - 33 -<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>







                                                             CONFORMED COPY







                                     $185,000,000

                                   CREDIT AGREEMENT

                                     dated as of
                                 September 28, 1994,

                                        among

                              A. L. LABORATORIES, INC.,

                   (formerly known as A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc.)

                                     as Borrower,

                               THE BANKS NAMED HEREIN,

                                      as Banks,

                                 UNION BANK OF NORWAY

                                      as Agent,

                                 UNION BANK OF NORWAY

                                     as Arranger,

                                         and

                                 DEN NORSKE BANK AS,

                                    as Co-Arranger<PAGE>





                                           TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                               ARTICLE I

                  DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS . . . . . . . . .    1
    1.1.  Defined Terms . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .    1
    1.2.  Computation of Time Periods . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   14
    1.3.  Accounting Terms  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   14

                                              ARTICLE II

                  AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TRANCHE A TERM LOANS . . . . . .   14
     2.1.  The Tranche A Term Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   14
     2.2.  Making the Tranche A Term Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   15
     2.3.  Termination/Reduction of the Tranche A Term Commitments . . .   16
     2.4.  Consolidation and Repayment of Tranche A Term Loans . . . . .   17
                                          ARTICLE III

                AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TRANCHE B TERM LOANS . . . . . .   17
     3.1.  The Tranche B Term Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   17
     3.2.  Making the Tranche B Term Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   18
     3.3.  Termination/Reduction of the Tranche B Term Commitments . . .   19
     3.4.  Consolidation and Repayment of the Tranche B Term Loans . . .   20
                                              ARTICLE IV

                AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE REVOLVING LOANS . . . . . . .   20
     4.1.  The Revolving Loans . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   20
     4.2.  Making the Revolving Loans  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   21
     4.3.  Termination/Reduction of the Revolving Loan Commitments . . .   22
     4.4.  Repayment of the Revolving Loan . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   23
                                               ARTICLE V

                 INTEREST, FEES, ETC. . . . . . . . . . . . .   23
      5.1.  Interest Period Election  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   23
      5.2.  Interest Rate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   24
      5.3.  Interest Rate Determination and Protection  . . . . . . . . .   24
      5.4.  Prepayments of the Loans. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   25
            (a)  Optional Prepayments . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   25
            (b)  Mandatory Prepayment . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   26
      5.5.  Fees  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   26
      5.6.  Increased Costs . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   27
      5.7.  Illegality  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   28
      5.8.  Capital Adequacy  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   28
      5.9.  Payments and Computations . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   29
      5.10. Sharing of Payments, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   31



                                                - i -<PAGE>





                                              ARTICLE VI
                      CONDITIONS OF LENDING  . . . . . . . . . . .   32
   6.1.  Conditions Precedent to the Making of the Initial Loans . . .   32
   6.2.  Conditions Precedent to the Making of Each Loan . . . . . . .   33

                                              ARTICLE VII

                      REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES  . . . . . . . . .   34
    7.1.  Corporate Existence . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   34
    7.2.  Corporate Power; Authorization; Enforceable Obligations.  . .   34
    7.3.  Taxes . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   35
    7.4.  Financial Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   35
    7.5.  Litigation  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
    7.6.  Margin Regulations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
    7.7.  ERISA . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
    7.8.  No Defaults . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   36
    7.9.  Investment Company Act  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.10. Insurance . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.11. Environmental Protection  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.12. Regulatory Matters  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.13. Title and Liens . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.14. Compliance with Law . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   37
    7.15. Trademarks, Copyrights, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    7.16. Disclosure  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    7.17. Existing Indebtedness . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    7.18. Subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    7.19. Principal Subsidiaries. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38

                                             ARTICLE VIII

                       AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS  . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    8.1.  Compliance with Laws, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    8.2.  Payment of Taxes, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   38
    8.3.  Maintenance of Insurance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.4.  Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc. . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.5.  Books and Access  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.6.  Maintenance of Properties, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.7.  Application of Proceeds . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.8.  Financial Statements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   39
    8.9.  Reporting Requirements  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   40
    8.10. Acquisition Related Loan  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
    8.11. Additional Credit Support Documents . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
    8.12. Delivery of Opinions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   41
                                              ARTICLE IX

                                          NEGATIVE COVENANTS
    9.1.  Liens, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   42
    9.2.  Mergers . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   42

                                                - ii -<PAGE>





     9.3.  Substantial Asset Sale  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   42
     9.4.  Transactions with Affiliates  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   42
     9.5.  Restrictions on Indebtedness  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   43

                                               ARTICLE X

                                           EVENTS OF DEFAULT
    10.1. Events of Default . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   43
                                              ARTICLE XI

                                               THE AGENT

    11.1. Authorization and Action  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   45
    11.2. The Agent's Reliance, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   45
    11.3. Union Bank of Norway and Den norske Bank AS . . . . . . . . .   46
    11.4. Bank Credit Decision  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   46
    11.5. Determinations Under Sections 6.1. and 6.2  . . . . . . . . .   46
    11.6. Indemnification . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   46
    11.7. Successor Agents  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   47

                                              ARTICLE XII

                                             MISCELLANEOUS
    12.1. Amendments, Etc.  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   47
    12.2. Notices, Etc. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   48
    12.3. No Waiver; Remedies . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   49
    12.4. Costs; Expenses; Indemnities  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   49
    12.5. Right of Set-off  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   50
    12.6. Binding Effect  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   50
    12.7. Assignments and Participation; Additional Banks . . . . . . .   50
    12.8. Pari Passu Ranking  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   52
    12.9. GOVERNING LAW; SEVERABILITY . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   52
    12.10.      SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. . . .   52
    12.11.      Confidentiality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   53
    12.12.      Section Titles  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   53
    12.13.      Execution in Counterparts . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   53















                                               - iii -<PAGE>





                                               Schedules

            Schedule I              -           Lending Offices
            Schedule II             -           Commitments
            Schedule III                  -           Restructuring Documents

  Schedule 7.2(a)(iv)           -           Required Consents and Approvals


                                               Exhibits

            Exhibit A-1             -           Form of Tranche A Term Note
            Exhibit A-2             -           Form of Tranche B Term Note
            Exhibit A-3             -           Form of Revolving Note
    Exhibit B               -           Form of Acquisition Related Guaranty
            Exhibit C               -           Form of Intercreditor Agreement
Exhibit D-1             -           Form of  Notice of  Initial Borrowing  and
            Waiver Request 
            Exhibit D-2             -           Form of Notice of Borrowing
            Exhibit E               -           Form of Parent Guaranty
Exhibit F-1             -           Form   of  Pledge  Agreement   (New  A.L.-
            Oslo/Norwegian)
Exhibit F-2             -           Form  of  Pledge  Agreement  (A.L.  Pharma
            A/S/Danish)
Exhibit F-3             -           Form    of    Pledge     Agreement    (A/S
            Dumex/Danish)
            Exhibit G               -           Form of Subsidiary Guaranty
Exhibit H               -           Form of Assignment of Intercompany Note
Exhibit I               -           Form of Notice of Interest Period
 Exhibit J-1             -           Form of Opinion of Kirkland & Ellis
Exhibit J-2             -           Form of Opinion  of Beth  P. Hecht,  Esq.,
            Corporate                                  Counsel of the Borrower
  Exhibit J-3             -           Form  of  Opinion  of  Watson,  Farley   &
            Williams
   Exhibit J-4             -      Form  of  Opinion  of  Advokatfirmaet  Ole
            Christian Hoie
   Exhibit J-5             -           Form of Opinion of Gorrissen & Federspiel
   Exhibit J-6             -           Form of Opinion of McCarter & English
   Exhibit K               -        Form   of   Notice   of   Assignment   and
            Acceptance












                                                - iv -<PAGE>





               CREDIT AGREEMENT, dated as of September 28, 1994, among A.L.
          Restructuring Sub, Inc.,  to be renamed A. L. LABORATORIES, INC.,
          a Delaware corporation (together with  its successors and assigns
          the "Borrower"),  the Banks parties hereto from time to time (the
          "Banks"), UNION BANK OF NORWAY,  as Agent, UNION BANK OF  NORWAY,
          as Arranger, and DEN NORSKE BANK AS, as Co-Arranger.


                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS, the Borrower  has requested that the  Banks provide
          financing for, among other things, (a) the refinancing of certain
          existing  indebtedness   of  the  Borrower  and   its  affiliate,
          Apothekernes Laboratorium AS, a Norwegian joint stock company, to
          be  renamed (after  the Restructuring  hereinafter defined)  A.L.
          Industrier AS  ("A.L.-Oslo"),  (b)  for  payment  of  transaction
          costs, fees and expenses  associated with the acquisition  of the
          Related Norwegian  Businesses of A.L.-Oslo  (the "Restructuring")
          as  contemplated  by  the  Restructuring  Agreement and  (c)  for
          general corporate  purposes, and  the Banks  are willing to  make
          funds available  for such purposes, but  only upon the  terms and
          subject to the conditions contained herein; 

               NOW, THEREFORE,  in consideration  of the  premises and  the
          covenants  and agreements  contained herein,  the  parties hereto
          agree as follows:


                                      ARTICLE I

                           DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

               1.1.      Defined Terms.   As  used in  this Agreement,  the
          following terms have the following  meanings (such meanings to be
          equally applicable to both the  singular and plural forms of  the
          terms defined):

               "Acquisition Related Guarantor"  means an  Affiliate of  the
          Borrower  to whom the  proceeds of  a Borrowing are,  directly or
          indirectly,   made  available  for   purposes  of   effecting  an
          acquisition of Equity or assets.

               "Acquisition  Related  Guaranty"  means a  guaranty  of  the
          obligations of the Borrower  pursuant to the Loan  Documents made
          by  an  Acquisition  Related  Guarantor   in  connection  with  a
          Borrowing made in respect of  an acquisition of Equity or  assets
          substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

               "Affiliate" means, as to any Person, any  Subsidiary of such
          Person  and  any  other  Person  which, directly  or  indirectly,


                                        - 1 -<PAGE>





          controls, is controlled by or  is under common control with  such
          Person. For the  purposes of this definition, "control" means the
          possession of  the  power to  direct or  cause  the direction  of
          management  and  policies  of  any  Person, whether  through  the
          ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise.

               "Agency Fee" has the meaning specified in Section 5.5(c).

               "Agent" means Union Bank of  Norway, in its capacity as  the
          Agent, or any successor in such capacity.

               "Agreement"  means  this  Credit  Agreement,  as   modified,
          amended or supplemented from time to time.

               "Agreement  Date" means the  date set  forth as such  on the
          last signature page hereof.

               "Agreement Termination Date"  means the  first day on  which
          all the  Commitments have been reduced to zero, this Agreement is
          terminated  and  no Loan  Party  has any  obligations outstanding
          under this Agreement or any other Loan Document. 

               "A.L. -  Oslo" has  the  meaning specified  in the  recitals
          hereof.

               "A.L.   -   Oslo    Existing   Credit   Agreements"    means
          ______________________.

               "A.L.   Pharma  A/S"   means  A.L.-Pharma   A/S,  a   Danish
          corporation.

               "Applicable Law"  means (a)  all applicable  common law  and
          principles of equity and (b) all applicable provisions of all (i)
          constitutions,  statutes,   rules,  regulations  and   orders  of
          governmental  bodies,  (ii)  governmental   approvals  and  (iii)
          orders, decisions, judgments  and decrees of all  courts (whether
          at law, in equity or admiralty) and arbitrators.

               "Applicable Margin" shall mean on  any date (a) 1-3/8%, with
          respect to  Tranche A  Term Loans,  (b) 1-1/4%,  with respect  to
          Tranche B Term Loans, and  (c) 1-1/8%, with respect to  Revolving
          Loans.

               "Arrangement Fee"  has  the  meaning  specified  in  Section
          5.5(b).

               "Arranger" means Union Bank of Norway.





                                        - 2 -<PAGE>





               "Assignment of Intercompany Note"  means the Assignment made
          by the Parent Guarantor in  favor of the Agent, substantially  in
          the form of Exhibit H hereto.

               "Banks"  means  the lenders  listed  on the  signature pages
          hereof, and  such other lenders as may become parties hereto from
          time to time pursuant to Section 12.7.

               "Borrower" has the meaning specified in the recitals hereof.

               "Borrowing" means a  Tranche A Term  Borrowing, a Tranche  B
          Term  Borrowing or a  Revolving Loan  Borrowing (as the  case may
          be).

               "Business Day" means  a day of the  year on which banks  are
          not required  or  authorized to  close in  New  York City,  Oslo,
          Norway and Copenhagen,  Denmark and  on which  dealings are  also
          carried on in Dollars in the London interbank market.

               "Capital  Market  Transaction"  means the  issuance  of  any
          Equity (including  convertible debt securities  but excluding any
          other debt securities), in each case whether by means of a public
          offering, private placement, or other capital market method.

               "Capitalized Lease"  means, as  applied to  any Person,  any
          lease of property by such Person as  lessee which is or should be
          capitalized  on  a  balance  sheet  of  such  Person prepared  in
          accordance with GAAP.

               "Cash Equivalents"  means any one  or more of  the following
          instruments:

                         (a)    open-market  commercial  paper  issued   by
               corporations  organized in  the  United  States of  America,
               maturing not  later than 270 days after the date of issuance
               thereof and having at the time of acquisition a rating of at
               least A-1  from Standard & Poor's  Rating Group or  P-1 from
               Moody's Investors Services, Inc.

                         (b)  readily  marketable direct obligations issued
               by the  United States of America,  or by any  agency thereof
               that are unconditionally  guaranteed or  backed by the  full
               faith and  credit of the United  States of America,  in each
               case maturing within one  year from the date  of acquisition
               thereof; and

                         (c)      certificates  of   deposit   or  bankers'
               acceptances  maturing  within  one  year  from the  date  of
               creation thereof  issued by any Bank or by a commercial bank
               or trust  company organized  under  the laws  of the  United


                                        - 3 -<PAGE>





               States  of America, or of any state thereof, having combined
               capital,  surplus  and undivided  profits  of not  less than
               $1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and
               having, in respect of its  long-term senior debt securities,
               a rating of at least A- from Standard &  Poor's Rating Group
               or A3 from Moody's Investors Services, Inc.,

          in each case so  long as the same (x) provide for  the payment of
          principal  and  interest  (and not  principal  alone  or interest
          alone) and (y) are not  subject to any contingency regarding  the
          payment of principal or interest.

               "Change  in  Tax  Law" means  the  enactment,  promulgation,
          execution or  ratification of,  any tax  treaty, law  (including,
          without limitation,  the Code), rule or regulation (or any change
          in the application or judicial,  administrative or other official
          interpretation of any treaty, law, rule or regulation).

               "Co-Arranger" means Den norske Bank AS.

               "Code"  means the  Internal  Revenue Code  of  1986 (or  any
          successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time.

               "Commitment" means, as  to any  Bank, such Bank's  aggregate
          Tranche  A  Term  Commitment, Tranche  B  Term  Commitment and/or
          Revolving Loan Commitment and  "Commitments" means, as to  all of
          the  Banks, the  aggregate  of the  Tranche  A Term  Commitments,
          Tranche  B Term Commitments and Revolving Loan Commitments of all
          the Banks.

               "Commitment Fee"  means any of the fees paid by the Borrower
          pursuant to Section 5.5(a).

               "Consolidation" means any adjustment  of Interest Periods in
          respect  of Tranche  A Term  Loans  or Tranche  B  Term Loans  in
          accordance  with  Section  2.4(a)  or   Section  3.4(a)  of  this
          Agreement.

               "Consolidation Date" means,  with respect to Tranche  A Term
          Loans or Tranche B Term Loans, the day that is twelve (12) months
          after  the Initial Funding  Date with  respect to Tranche  A Term
          Loans  and Tranche  B Term  Loans, respectively, or  such earlier
          date on  which  the Consolidation  of Tranche  A  Term Loans  and
          Tranche  B  Term Loans,  respectively,  occurs as  the  Agent may
          designate by notice to the Banks.

               "Contaminant"   means   any   waste,   pollutant,  hazardous
          substance,  toxic  substance,  hazardous  waste,  special  waste,
          petroleum  or  petroleum  derived  substance  or  waste,  or  any



                                        - 4 -<PAGE>





          constituent of such  substance or waste, including  any substance
          regulated under any Environmental Law.

               "Credit  Support Document"  means the  Parent  Guaranty, the
          Subsidiary  Guaranties, the Pledge  Agreements, the Assignment of
          Intercompany Note and the Acquisition Related Guaranties.

               "Default" means  any event which with the passing of time or
          the giving of notice or both would become an Event of Default.

               "Dollars" and the sign "$" each mean the lawful money of the
          United States of America.

               "Dumex" means A/S Dumex, a Danish corporation.

               "Earnings from Operations" has the  meaning specified in the
          Parent Guaranty.

               "Effective Date" means the first day on which the conditions
          set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 are satisfied or waived.

               "Environmental Law"  means  the Comprehensive  Environmental
          Response, Compensation,  and Liability Act (42 U.S.C.   9601 et
          seq.), the Hazardous  Material Transportation  Act (49 U.S.C.  SS
          1801 et  seq.), the  Resource Conservation  and Recovery  Act (42
          U.S.C.   6901 et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution Control Act
          (33 U.S.C. 12Sl  et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.  7401
          et seq.), the Toxic Substances Control Act (15 U.S.C.  2601  et
          seq.), and the Occupational Safety  and Health Act (29 U.S.C.  
          651  et seq.), in each case as  amended or supplemented from time
          to time,  and any analogous future  federal or present  or future
          state or  local statutes, including, without limitation, transfer
          of  ownership  notification  statutes  such  as  the  New  Jersey
          Environmental  Cleanup Responsibility  Act  (N.J.  Stat. Ann.  
          13:lK-6 et seg.) and  the Connecticut Industrial Transfer  Law of
          1985  (Conn. Gen. Stat.  22a-134  et seq.) and  the regulations
          promulgated pursuant thereto.

               "Environmental  Liabilities and  Costs"  means,  as  to  any
          Person, all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities,  Remedial
          Actions,  losses,   damages,   punitive  damages,   consequential
          damages, treble  damages, costs and  expenses (including, without
          limitation, all  reasonable fees,  disbursements and  expenses of
          counsel, expert and  consulting fees, and costs  of investigation
          and  feasibility   studies),  fines,  penalties,   sanctions  and
          interest  incurred as  a result  of any  claim or demand,  by any
          Person,  whether  based  in contract,  tort,  implied  or express
          warranty,  strict  liability,  any  criminal  or  civil  statute,
          including any Environmental Law, Permit,  order or agreement with
          any   Government  Authority   or  other   Person,  arising   from


                                        - 5 -<PAGE>





          environmental, health  or safety  conditions, or  the Release  or
          threatened   Release  of  a  Contaminant  into  the  environment,
          resulting from  the past,  present or  future operations  of such
          Person or its Subsidiaries.

               "Environmental  Lien"  means  any  Lien   in  favor  of  any
          Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs.

               "Equity"  means  all  shares,  options,  equity   interests,
          general or limited partnership interests, joint venture interests
          or  participation  or  other   equivalents  (regardless  of   how
          designated) of or in a  corporation, partnership or other entity,
          whether voting or non-voting,  and including, without limitation,
          common  stock,  preferred  stock,  purchase  rights,  warrants or
          options for any of the foregoing.

               "Equity  Ratio"  has  the meaning  specified  in  the Parent
          Guaranty.

               "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
          1974 (or  any successor  legislation thereto)  and the  rules and
          regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

               "ERISA Affiliate" shall  mean a corporation, partnership  or
          other entity which  is considered one employer  with the Borrower
          under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code.

               "ERISA Event" means (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a
          Title IV  Plan; (ii) the withdrawal  of the Borrower,  any of its
          Subsidiaries or  any ERISA Affiliate from a Title IV Plan subject
          to  Section 4063 of  ERISA during a  plan year in  which it was a
          substantial employer, as defined in  Section 4001(a)(2) of ERISA;
          (iii) the filing  of a notice of  intent to terminate a  Title IV
          Plan  or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under
          Section 4041  of ERISA; or (iv) the institution of proceedings to
          terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC.

               "Eurocurrency  Liabilities"  has  the  meaning specified  in
          Regulation D.

               "Eurodollar Rate" means,  for any Interest Period,  the rate
          per annum  determined by  the Agent  to be  the average  (rounded
          upward, if necessary, to the next higher 1/16 of 1%) of the rates
          per annum determined, respectively, by each  Reference Bank to be
          the rate  at  which such  Reference Bank  offered  or would  have
          offered to place  with first-class banks in the  London interbank
          market deposits in Dollars in  amounts comparable to the Loan  of
          such Reference Banks to which such Interest Period applies, for a
          period equal to such Interest Period, at 11:00 a.m. (London time)
          on the second Business Day before the first day of such  Interest


                                        - 6 -<PAGE>





          Period.   If any Reference  Bank is unable  or otherwise fails to
          furnish  the Agent with appropriate  rate information in a timely
          manner, the  Agent shall determine  the Eurodollar Rate  based on
          the rate information furnished by the remaining Reference Banks.

               "Eurodollar  Reserve Requirement"  means, at  any time,  the
          then  current  maximum  rate for  which  reserves  (including any
          marginal, supplemental or  emergency reserve) are required  to be
          maintained  under Regulation  D  by member  banks of  the Federal
          Reserve  System in  New York  City  with deposits  exceeding five
          billion Dollars against Eurocurrency Liabilities.

               "Event  of  Default" has  the  meaning specified  in Section
          10.1.

               "Existing Lenders" has  the meaning specified in  the Parent
          Guaranty.

               "Existing Loan Agreements" has the  meaning specified in the
          Parent Guaranty.

               "Federal  Funds  Rate"  means, for  any  day,  a fluctuating
          interest  rate  per annum  equal  for such  day  to the  weighted
          average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with
          members of the  Federal Reserve System arranged  by federal funds
          brokers, as published  for such  day (or,  if such day  is not  a
          Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal
          Reserve Bank of  New York, or, if  such rate is not  so published
          for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
          for such  day on  such transactions  received by  the Agent  from
          three federal funds  brokers of  recognized standing selected  by
          it.

               "Final  Judgment"  has  the  meaning  specified  in  Section
          10.1(f).

               "Fiscal Quarter" means  any three month period  ending March
          31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 of any Fiscal Year.

               "Fiscal Year" means each twelve-month period ending December
          31, or such  other fiscal year end  date as may be  determined by
          the Borrower following the Agreement Date.

               "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the
          United States of America as in  effect from time to time and  set
          forth in the  rules, regulations, opinions and  pronouncements of
          the Accounting  Principles Board  and the  American Institute  of
          Certified   Public    Accountants   and   the    statements   and
          pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or in
          such other statements  by such other entity as  may be in general


                                        - 7 -<PAGE>





          use  by  significant segments  of  the accounting  profession and
          which are  applicable  to the  circumstances as  of  the date  of
          determination.

               "GAAS"  means generally accepted  auditing standards  in the
          United States of America as in  effect from time to time and  set
          forth in the  rules, regulations, opinions and  pronouncements of
          the Accounting  Principles Board  and the  American Institute  of
          Certified   Public    Accountants   and   the    statements   and
          pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or in
          such other  statements by such other entity  as may be in general
          use  by  significant segments  of  the accounting  profession and
          which are  applicable  to the  circumstances as  of  the date  of
          determination.

               "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any
          state  or  other  political subdivision  thereof  and  any entity
          exercising   executive,  legislative,  judicial,   regulatory  or
          administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

               "Indebtedness"  of  any Person  means  at any  date, without
          duplication,  (i)  all obligations  of  such Person  evidenced by
          bonds, debentures, notes  or other similar instruments,  (ii) all
          obligations of  such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of
          Property  or  services,  except  as  provided  below,  (iii)  all
          obligations of such  Person as  lessee under Capitalized  Leases,
          (iv) all Indebtedness of others secured by a Lien on any Property
          of such  Person, whether or not  such Indebtedness is  assumed by
          such  Person,  (v)   all  Indebtedness  of  others   directly  or
          indirectly  guaranteed  or  otherwise  assumed  by  such  Person,
          including any obligations of others  endorsed (otherwise than for
          collection or  deposit in  the  ordinary course  of business)  or
          discounted or sold with recourse by such Person, or in respect of
          which such  Person is  otherwise directly  or indirectly  liable,
          including,  without   limitation  any   Indebtedness  in   effect
          guaranteed by such  Person through  any agreement (contingent  or
          otherwise)  to  purchase, repurchase  or  otherwise acquire  such
          obligation or  any security therefor, or to provide funds for the
          payment  or discharge  of  such obligation,  or  to maintain  the
          solvency or any balance sheet or other financial condition of the
          obligor of  such obligation, (vi) all obligations  of such Person
          as issuer, customer or account  party under letters of credit  or
          bankers' acceptances that are either drawn or that back financial
          obligations that would  otherwise be  Indebtedness, or (vii)  any
          obligation with respect to an  interest rate or currency swap  or
          similar obligation (a "Swap Agreement") obligating such Person to
          make payments, whether  periodically or upon  the happening of  a
          contingency,  except  that  if  any  agreement relating  to  such
          obligation provides  for the netting of amounts payable by and to
          such Person  thereunder or if any such agreement provides for the


                                        - 8 -<PAGE>





          simultaneous payment  of amounts by and  to such Person,  then in
          each such case,  the amount of such  obligation shall be  the net
          amount thereof.

               "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" of any Person means at any
          date, without duplication, Indebtedness described in clauses (i),
          (iii), (v) and (vii) of the definition of Indebtedness. 

               "Indemnified Liability" has the meaning specified in Section
          12.4(b).

               "Indemnified  Person" has the  meaning specified  in Section
          12.4(b).

               "Initial Funding  Date" means, with  respect to each  of the
          Tranche A Term Loans, Tranche  B Term Loans and Revolving  Loans,
          the date on which  (i) the conditions  set forth in Sections  6.1
          and 6.2  are satisfied or waived  and (ii) the  initial Tranche A
          Term   Loans,   Tranche  B   Term   Loans  or   Revolving  Loans,
          respectively, are made hereunder.

               "Intercreditor Agreement" means the Intercreditor  Agreement
          among the  Agent, the Banks and the  Other Lenders, substantially
          in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

               "Interest  Period"  means  with  respect  to any  Loans  (i)
          initially, the  period commencing on the date such Loans are made
          and ending one, three or six months (or 12 months, in  accordance
          with  Section 5.1(b)) thereafter, as  selected by the Borrower in
          its Notice of Borrowing or Notice of Interest Period given to the
          Agent pursuant  to Section 2.2, 3.2, 4.2 or  5.1, as the case may
          be, and (ii) thereafter, the period commencing on the last day of
          the immediately  preceding  Interest Period  therefor and  ending
          one, three, six or twelve  months thereafter, as selected by  the
          Borrower in  its Notice  of Interest  Period given  to the  Agent
          pursuant to Section 5.1, subject, however, to the following:

                  (i)  if any Interest Period would otherwise  end on a day
               that is  not a Business Day,  such Interest Period  shall be
               extended to  the next  succeeding Business  Day, unless  the
               result  of such extension  for any  Loan would be  to extend
               such Interest Period  into another calendar month,  in which
               event  such  Interest Period  shall  end on  the immediately
               preceding Business Day;

                  (ii) any Interest Period  in respect of Loans that begins
               on the last  Business Day of a  calendar month (or on  a day
               for which there  is no numerically corresponding  day in the
               calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end
               on the last Business Day of a calendar month;


                                        - 9 -<PAGE>





                  (iii)  no  Interest  Period may  extend  beyond  (A)  the
               Tranche  A  Term Loan  Maturity  Date, in  the  case of  the
               Tranche A Term Loans, (B)  the Tranche B Term Loan  Maturity
               Date,  in the case  of the Tranche  B Term Loans  or (C) the
               Revolving Loan Commitment  Termination Date, in the  case of
               Revolving Loans; and

                  (iv) there shall  be outstanding at any  one time  in the
               aggregate no  more than (A) 4 Interest Periods, prior to the
               Consolidation  Date with respect to Tranche A Term Loans and
               Tranche  B  Term   Loans,  and   (B)  2  Interest   Periods,
               thereafter.

               "IRS" means the  Internal Revenue Service, or  any successor
          thereto.

               "Lending Office" means, with respect to any Bank, the office
          of such  Bank specified as its "Lending Office" opposite its name
          on Schedule I or  such other office of such Bank as such Bank may
          from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.

               "Lien"   means  any   mortgage,  deed   of  trust,   pledge,
          hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
          (statutory or other),  security interest or preference,  priority
          or other security  agreement or  preferential arrangement of  any
          kind or  nature  whatsoever, including,  without limitation,  any
          conditional sale or other title retention agreement.

               "Loan Documents" means  (i) this  Agreement, the Notes,  the
          Credit Support Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii)
          all  other  agreements,   documents  and  instruments  that   may
          hereafter be  entered  into relating  to or  arising  out of  any
          agreement, document or instrument referred to in clause (i).

               "Loan Party" means  any Person  (other than  the Agent,  the
          Banks, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger and the Other  Lenders) that
          is a party to a Loan Document.

               "Loans" means, collectively,  the Tranche A Term  Loans, the
          Tranche B Term Loans and the Revolving Loans.

               "Majority Banks" means, at any time, Banks holding more than
          75% of the then aggregate  unpaid principal amount of Loans  held
          by  the  Banks,  or,  if   no  such  principal  amount  is   then
          outstanding,  Banks having more than 75%  of the aggregate amount
          of the  Commitments;  provided, that  for  purposes of  the  last
          paragraph of  Section 10.1  hereof, the  relevant percentage  for
          determining Majority Banks shall be 51%.

               "Margin Stock" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.


                                        - 10 -<PAGE>





               "Material Adverse Change" means a  change that has resulted,
          or would result, in a Material Adverse Effect.

               "Material  Adverse  Effect" means,  in  the judgment  of the
          Majority Banks  (or, for  purposes of  any notice  of a  Material
          Adverse Effect to  be given by a  Loan Party, in the  judgment of
          such  Loan Party),  a material  adverse effect  on the  business,
          financial condition, operations or Properties of the Borrower and
          its Subsidiaries or of the Parent Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries
          (as the case may be), in each case taken as a whole.

               "Material Credit Agreement Change" means, in the judgment of
          the Majority Banks  (or, for purposes of any notice of a Material
          Credit  Agreement Change  to be  given by  a Loan  Party, in  the
          judgment  of  such  Loan Party),  a  change  that  has materially
          adversely affected  or  would  materially  adversely  affect  the
          legality, validity or enforceability of any payment obligation of
          the  Borrower,  the  Parent  Guarantor,  any  of  the  Subsidiary
          Guarantors  or  the  Acquisition  Related  Guarantors under  this
          Agreement or any other Loan Document.

               "Multiemployer Plan" means a  multiemployer plan, as defined
          in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower, any of its
          Subsidiaries or  any ERISA Affiliate  is making, is  obligated to
          make, has made or been obligated to make, contributions on behalf
          of participants who are or were employed by any of them.

               "Net Cash Proceeds" means:

                  (a) in reference to asset sales,  proceeds in cash as and
               when received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or
               the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, from, or in
               connection with,  the sale  by the  Borrower or  any of  its
               Subsidiaries,  or  the  Parent  Guarantor   or  any  of  its
               Subsidiaries, to any Person (other than  the Borrower or any
               of its Subsidiaries, or the  Parent Guarantor or any of  its
               Subsidiaries) of any asset outside of the ordinary course of
               business  (including,  without limitation,  the sale  of any
               facility, division, plant or other real property or interest
               in real property  outside the ordinary course  of business),
               net of the  direct costs relating  to such sale,  including,
               without  limitation, (i)  legal,  accounting and  investment
               banking  fees  and  sale  commissions,  (ii) taxes  paid  or
               payable as a result  thereof (after taking into  account any
               available  tax  credits or  deductions  and any  tax sharing
               arrangements in each case arising  directly from such sale),
               (iii) amounts  required to  be applied  to the repayment  of
               Indebtedness relating  to the asset  that is the  subject of
               such  sale and not  otherwise provided  for by the  terms of



                                        - 11 -<PAGE>





               such sale, and  (iv) reasonable reserves for  purchase price
               adjustments; and

                  (b)  in reference  to Capital Market  Transactions by any
               Person,  the  proceeds in  cash  received from  such Capital
               Market Transactions,  net of  all issuance  fees, discounts,
               and other costs.

          For  purposes  of  this  definition,  proceeds  received  by  any
          Subsidiary of  the Borrower or of the Parent Guarantor other than
          a wholly owned Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Net Cash Proceeds
          received by  the  Borrower or  the Parent  Guarantor  only in  an
          amount  proportionate  to the  equity  ownership interest  of the
          Borrower or the Parent Guarantor in the Subsidiary receiving such
          proceeds.

               "New  A.L.  - Oslo"  means  Apothekernes Laboratorium  AS, a
          Norwegian  joint stock  company (under  incorporation)  formed by
          A.L. Oslo  in  connection with  the Demeger  (as  defined in  the
          Restructuring Agreement).

               "New Permitted  Indebtedness" has  the meaning  specified in
          the Parent Guaranty.

               "Non-U.S.  Subsidiary"  means,  as   to  any  Person,   each
          Subsidiary of such Person that is incorporated or organized under
          the  laws  of a  jurisdiction  outside of  the  United States  of
          America.

               "Notes" means the Tranche A  Term Notes, the Tranche B  Term
          Notes and the Revolving Notes.

               "Notice  of  Assignment  and  Acceptance"  has  the  meaning
          specified in Section 12.7(a).

               "Notice  of  Borrowing"  means  a  notice  of  the  Borrower
          substantially  in the form of Exhibit D hereto specifying therein
          (i) the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) the aggregate amount
          of such proposed Borrowing, (iii)  the initial Interest Period or
          Interest Periods for such Loans  and (iv) whether such  Borrowing
          is to be a  Tranche A Term Borrowing, a Tranche  B Term Borrowing
          or a Revolving Loan Borrowing.

               "Notice of  Interest Period"  has the  meaning specified  in
          Section 5.1.

               "Original Banks" means each financial  institution that is a
          "Bank" as of the Agreement Date. 




                                        - 12 -<PAGE>





               "Other Lenders"  shall mean  (i) as of  the Agreement  Date,
          Signet Bank, U.S. Bank and National Westminster Bank NJ, and (ii)
          at  any  time thereafter,  the  banks and  financial institutions
          party to the Intercreditor Agreement at such time (other than the
          Banks and the Agent).

               "Parent  Guarantor"  means  A. L.  Pharma  Inc.,  a Delaware
          corporation.

               "Parent Guaranty" means the guaranty by the Parent Guarantor
          of  the  obligations   of  the  Borrower  pursuant  to  the  Loan
          Documents, substantially in the form of Exhibit E hereto.

               "PBGC" means  the Pension Benefit  Guaranty Corporation,  or
          any successor thereto.

               "Pension Plan" means  an employee  pension benefit plan,  as
          defined  in Section  3(2)  of ERISA  (other than  a Multiemployer
          Plan),  which is not  an individual  account plan, as  defined in
          Section  3(34)  of ERISA,  and  which the  Borrower,  any of  its
          Subsidiaries  or  any  ERISA  Affiliate  now  or  in  the  future
          maintains, contributes to or has  an obligation to contribute  to
          on behalf of participants who are orwere employed by any of them.

               "Permit" means any permit, approval, authorization, license,
          variance or  permission  required from  a Governmental  Authority
          under an applicable Requirement of Law.

               "Permitted Indebtedness"  has the  meaning specified  in the
          Parent Guaranty.

               "Permitted Liens" has  the meaning  specified in the  Parent
          Guaranty.

               "Person"  means  an  individual,  partnership,   corporation
          (including  a  business  trust),   joint  stock  company,  trust,
          unincorporated association,  joint venture  or  other entity,  or
          Governmental Authority.

               "Plan"  shall mean an  employee benefit  plan as  defined in
          Section 3(3)  of ERISA which is  maintained or contributed  to by
          the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate.

               "Pledge   Agreement"   means  each   pledge   made  by   the
          Shareholders of  a Pledge  Subsidiary in  favor of  the Agent  on
          behalf of  the Banks  in respect  of 65%  of  the total  combined
          voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote (within the
          meaning  of  Section   956  of  the  Code   and  the  regulations
          thereunder) of such Pledge Subsidiary,  substantially in the form
          of Exhibit F hereto.


                                        - 13 -<PAGE>





               "Pledge Subsidiary" means each  Principal Subsidiary that is
          a Non-U.S. Subsidiary.

               "Principal  Subsidiary"   means  (a)   at  all  times,   the
          Scandinavian Principal Companies, and (b) at any time (except  as
          otherwise  provided  for  in this  Agreement  or  any  other Loan
          Document), any Subsidiary  of the Parent Guarantor  that (a) owns
          more than 5% of the total assets  of the Parent Guarantor and its
          Subsidiaries  on a consolidated basis, or  (b) is responsible for
          more  than 5% of  the total revenues of  the Parent Guarantor and
          its  Subsidiaries, on a consolidated  basis; provided that on and
          as of the Agreement Date, Principal Subsidiary shall mean each of
          the entities  listed  on Schedule  5(n)  to the  Parent  Guaranty
          hereto  and  at  any  time  thereafter,  shall  mean  (except  as
          otherwise  provided  for  in this  Agreement  or  any  other Loan
          Document) the  entities listed  as  "Principal Subsidiaries"  (as
          determined in accordance with this definition) on the certificate
          of the Responsible Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor most
          recently  delivered  pursuant to  Section  6(g)(v) of  the Parent
          Guaranty.

               "Property"  means any interest  in any  kind of  property or
          asset, whether  real, personal or mixed, and  whether tangible or
          intangible,  including,  without limitation,  the  right  to use,
          transmit,   display,   license   or  otherwise   temporarily   or
          permanently benefit from the possession of,  control of or access
          to  any   film,  television   program,  trademark,   trade  name,
          copyright,  service mark  or any  other  type of  intellectual or
          intangible property.

               "Qualified Plan" means an employee  pension benefit plan, as
          defined  in  Section  3(2)  of ERISA,  which  is  intended  to be
          tax-qualified  under Section  401(a) of  the Code, and  which the
          Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries  or any ERISA Affiliate now  or
          in the future maintains, contributes  to or has an obligation  to
          contribute to  on behalf of participants who are or were employed
          by any of them.

               "Ratable Portion" means, as to any Bank, (i) with respect to
          the Tranche  A Term  Loans,  the Tranche  B  Term Loans  and  the
          Revolving  Loans,  respectively,   the  percentage  obtained   by
          dividing  the amount  of such  Bank's Tranche A  Term Commitment,
          Tranche B  Term Commitment or  Revolving Loan Commitment,  as the
          case may be,  by the aggregate  amount of all  of such Tranche  A
          Term  Commitments,  Tranche  B  Term  Commitments  or  Term  Loan
          Commitments of all the Banks, respectively, and (ii) with respect
          to  the  aggregate  amount  of  all Commitments,  the  percentage
          obtained by  dividing the aggregate  Commitment of such  Bank for
          all  Loans by the aggregate amount  of all Commitments of all the
          Banks for all Loans.


                                        - 14 -<PAGE>





               "Reference Banks"  means Union  Bank of  Norway, Den  norske
          Bank AS and The First National Bank of Boston.

               "Register"  has  the  meaning specified  in  Section 12.7(g)
          hereof.

               "Regulation   D",  "Regulation   T",   "Regulation  U"   and
          "Regulation X"  means Regulation D, T, U, and X, respectively, of
          the Board  of Governors  of the  Federal Reserve  System (or  any
          successor  thereto),  as in  effect  from time  to  time, or  any
          successor thereto.

               "Related Norwegian Businesses" has  the meaning specified in
          the Restructuring Agreement.

               "Release"  means,  as  to any  Person,  any  release, spill,
          emission,  leaking,   pumping,   injection,  deposit,   disposal,
          discharge, disbursal, leaching  or migration  into the indoor  or
          outdoor environment or into  or out of any property owned by such
          Person, including the  movement of Contaminants through or in the
          air, soil, surface water, ground water or property.

               "Remedial Action" means  all actions  required to (i)  clean
          up, remove, treat or in any other way address Contaminants in the
          indoor or outdoor environment, (ii) prevent the Release or threat
          of Release or  minimize the  further Release  of Contaminants  so
          they do  not migrate or endanger  or threaten to  endanger public
          health or  welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, or (iii)
          perform preremedial studies and  investigations and post-remedial
          monitoring and care.

               "Reportable  Event"  means any  of  the events  described in
          Section 4043(b)(1), (2), (3), (5), (6), (8) or (9) of ERISA.

               "Responsible  Financial Officer"  of  any Person  means  the
          chief   financial   officer,   treasurer,   assistant  treasurer,
          controller,  secretary, assistant  secretary or other  officer of
          such  Person listed  in the  certificate delivered  to  the Agent
          pursuant  to  Section 6.1(a)(iii)  or  otherwise notified  to the
          Agent as being  authorized to execute documents  and certificates
          and  otherwise act on  behalf of  such Person in  connection with
          financial matters  arising under this Agreement or any other Loan
          Document.

               "Responsible  Officer"  of  any  Person  means  any  of  the
          officers  of such Person  listed in the  certificate delivered to
          the Agent pursuant  to Section 6.1(a)(iii) or  otherwise notified
          to the Agent as being authorized to execute and deliver documents
          and certificates  and otherwise act on  behalf of such  Person in



                                        - 15 -<PAGE>





          all matters  (other than  financial matters)  arising under  this
          Agreement or any other Loan Document.

               "Restructuring" has  the meaning  specified in the  recitals
          hereof.

               "Restructuring Agreement" means the Restructuring  Agreement
          dated as of May 16, 1994 by  and between the Parent Guarantor and
          A.L. - Oslo.

               "Restructuring Documents"  means the documents listed on the
          attached Schedule III.

               "Revolving Loan" means a Loan made to the Borrower  pursuant
          to Section 4.1.

               "Revolving  Loan  Availability  Period"   means  the  period
          beginning on  the Agreement Date and ending on the Revolving Loan
          Commitment Termination Date.

               "Revolving Loan Borrowing" means a borrowing by the Borrower
          consisting of  Revolving Loans made on the  same day by the Banks
          ratably according to their respective Revolving Loan Commitments.

               "Revolving  Loan Commitment"  has the  meaning  specified in
          Section 4.1(a).

               "Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date" means the later
          of (i) the  day that is  three years and  three months after  the
          Effective Date with  respect to Revolving Loans,  (ii) such other
          day to which the Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date shall
          have been  extended in  accordance  with Section  4.5 hereof  and
          (iii) the date of the earlier termination or cancellation in full
          of the  Revolving Loan Commitment  pursuant to the  terms hereof,
          including pursuant to Section 10.1.

               "Revolving  Note" means any  promissory note in  the form of
          Exhibit A-3.

               "Scandinavian Principal Companies" means New A.L.-Oslo, A.L.
          Pharma A/S and A/S Dumex.

               "Shareholder" means,  with respect  to any  corporation, the
          holder of any of the Equity of such Person.

               "Single-Employer Plan"  shall mean a single.employer plan as
          defined in section 4001(a)(15) of  ERISA which is subject to  the
          provisions of Title IV of ERISA.




                                        - 16 -<PAGE>





               "Subordinated Indebtedness" has the meaning specified in the
          Parent Guaranty.

               "Subsidiary"  means,  with  respect   to  any  Person,   any
          corporation, partnership or  other business entity of  which more
          than 50% of the  outstanding Equity having ordinary voting  power
          to elect  a majority  of the  board of directors  of such  entity
          (irrespective of  whether, at the time, Equity of any other class
          or classes of  such entity shall have or might  have voting power
          by  reason of the  happening of any contingency)  is, or of which
          more  than  50% of  the  interests in  which  are,  at the  time,
          directly or indirectly, owned by  such Person and/or one or  more
          Subsidiaries of such Person.

               "Subsidiary Guarantor" means each Principal Subsidiary  that
          is incorporated  or organized  under the  laws of  a jurisdiction
          located in the United States of America.

               "Subsidiary Guaranty"  means any  of the  guaranties of  the
          obligations  of the Borrower delivered  by each of the Subsidiary
          Guarantors, pursuant to this Agreement, substantially in the form
          of Exhibit G hereto.

               "Swap Agreement" has the meaning specified in the definition
          of Indebtedness.

               "Tax"  means  any  federal,  state,  local or  foreign  tax,
          assessment or other  governmental charge  or levy (including  any
          withholding  tax) upon  a Person  or upon  its  assets, revenues,
          income or profits.

               "Tax Affiliate" means, as to any Person, (i) any  Subsidiary
          of such  Person, or (ii) any Affiliate  of such Person with which
          such Person files  or is required to  file consolidated, combined
          or unitary tax returns.

               "Title   IV  Plan"  means  a  Pension  Plan,  other  than  a
          Multiemployer Plan, which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

               "Tranche  A Availability Period"  means the period beginning
          on the Agreement Date and ending on the Tranche A Term Commitment
          Termination Date.

               "Tranche A Term Borrowing" means a borrowing by the Borrower
          consisting of Tranche  A Term Loans made  on the same day  by the
          Banks  ratably  according  to  their  respective Tranche  A  Term
          Commitments.

               "Tranche A  Term Commitment"  has the  meaning specified  in
          Section 2.1(a).


                                        - 17 -<PAGE>





               "Tranche  A  Term  Commitment Termination  Date"  means  the
          earlier of (i) January 28, 1995, (ii)  the date on which a second
          Tranche A  Term Borrowing is made  pursuant to the terms  of this
          Agreement, and  (iii)  the date  of  the earlier  termination  or
          cancellation in full of the Tranche A Term Commitment pursuant to
          the terms hereof, including pursuant to Section 10.1.

               "Tranche A  Term Loan"  means a  Loan made  to the  Borrower
          pursuant to Section 2.1.

               "Tranche A Term Loan Maturity Date" means the earlier of (i)
          the seventh anniversary of the  Initial Funding Date with respect
          to Tranche A Term Loans and (ii) December 31, 2001.

               "Tranche A  Term Note" means any promissory note in the form
          of Exhibit A-1.

               "Tranche B Availability Period"  means the period  beginning
          on the Agreement Date and ending on the Tranche B Term Commitment
          Termination Date.

               "Tranche B Term Borrowing" means a borrowing by the Borrower
          consisting of Tranche  B Term Loans made  on the same day  by the
          Banks  ratably  according  to  their  respective Tranche  B  Term
          Commitments.

               "Tranche B  Term Commitment"  has the  meaning specified  in
          Section 3.1(a).

               "Tranche B  Term  Commitment  Termination  Date"  means  the
          earlier of (i) January 28, 1995, (ii) the date on which  a second
          Tranche  B Term Borrowing  is made pursuant to  the terms of this
          Agreement,  and (iii)  the  date of  the  earlier termination  or
          cancellation in full of the Tranche B Term Commitment pursuant to
          the terms hereof, including pursuant to Section 10.1.

               "Tranche B  Term Loan"  means a  Loan made  to the  Borrower
          pursuant to Section 3.1.

               "Tranche B Term Loan Maturity Date" means the earlier of (i)
          the fifth anniversary of the Initial Funding Date with respect to
          Tranche B Term Loans and (ii) December 31, 1999.

               "Tranche B  Term Note" means any promissory note in the form
          of Exhibit A-2.

               "U.S." means the United States of America.





                                        - 18 -<PAGE>





               "Withdrawal Liability" means, as to any Person, at any time,
          the aggregate amount of the  liabilities, if any, of such  Person
          pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA.

               1.2.      Computation  of Time Periods.   In this Agreement,
          in the computation  of periods of time from a specified date to a
          later specified date, the word  "from" means "from and including"
          and  the words "to" and "until" each  mean "to but excluding" and
          the word "through" means "to and including".

               1.3.      Accounting  Terms.    All   accounting  terms  not
          specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with
          GAAP.


                                      ARTICLE II

                     AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TRANCHE A TERM LOANS

               2.1.      The Tranche A Term Loans.

                  (a)   Commitment to  Lend.   On the terms  and subject to
          the conditions contained  in this Agreement, each  Bank severally
          agrees to make up to two (2) Tranche A Term Loans to the Borrower
          from  time to  time  on any  Business Day  during  the Tranche  A
          Availability  Period, each such  Loan being  part of a  Tranche A
          Term Borrowing, in an aggregate amount not to exceed  at any time
          outstanding the  amount set  forth opposite such  Bank's name  on
          Schedule II  as its "Tranche A Term Commitment" (as adjusted from
          time to  time by  reason of  assignments in  accordance with  the
          provisions of  Section 12.7  and as  such amount  may be  reduced
          pursuant   to   Section  2.3,   such   Bank's  "Tranche   A  Term
          Commitment"); provided,  however,  that following  the making  of
          each  such  proposed  Tranche  A Term  Loan,  (i)  the  aggregate
          principal amount of  all Tranche A  Term Loans outstanding  shall
          not exceed the aggregate amount of the Tranche A Term Commitments
          and  (ii) the aggregate principal amount of all Loans outstanding
          shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments, in each
          case at such time.

                  (b)    Evidence of Debt.  (i) Each Bank shall maintain in
          accordance  with its  usual practice  an account or  accounts and
          shall receive  from the  Borrower a  single Tranche  A Term  Note
          payable  to  the  order   of  such  Bank,  both   evidencing  the
          Indebtedness to such Bank resulting from each Tranche A Term Loan
          made by such  Bank to the Borrower  from time to  time, including
          the amounts  of principal and interest  payable and paid  to such
          Bank from time to time hereunder.




                                        - 19 -<PAGE>





               (ii)  The  Register  maintained  by  the Agent  pursuant  to
          Section  12.7(g) shall  include a  "Tranche A  Term  Loan control
          account" for  each Bank, in which  account shall be  recorded (A)
          the date and amount of  each Tranche A Term Borrowing  hereunder,
          (B) the amount of each Bank's Tranche A Term Loan comprising such
          Borrowing and  the Interest  Period applicable  thereto, (C)  the
          amount of  any principal or interest due and payable or to become
          due and payable from  the Borrower to each  Bank with respect  to
          each such Tranche A Term Loan hereunder and (D) the amount of any
          sum received by the Agent from the Borrower  with respect to such
          Tranche A Term  Loans hereunder and  each Bank's Ratable  Portion
          thereof.

               (iii) The entries made in the Register in respect of Tranche
          A Term  Loans shall be conclusive  and binding for  all purposes,
          absent manifest error.

               2.2.      Making the Tranche A Term Loans.  (a) Each Tranche
          A  Term  Borrowing shall  be made  upon  receipt of  a  Notice of
          Borrowing, given  by the  Borrower to  the Agent  not later  than
          11:00 A.M. (New York City  time) on the fifth Business Day  prior
          to the date of the proposed Tranche A Term Borrowing.

               (b)       The Agent shall give to each Bank prompt notice of
          its receipt of a Notice of Borrowing in respect of Tranche A Term
          Loans  and,  upon  its  determination   thereof,  notice  of  the
          applicable interest rate  under Section 5.3(b). Each  Bank shall,
          before  11:00  A.M.  (New York  City  time) on  the  date  of the
          proposed Tranche A Term Borrowing, make available for the account
          of its Lending  Office to the Agent at its address referred to in
          Section 12.2, in immediately available funds, such Bank's Ratable
          Portion of  such proposed  Tranche  A Term  Borrowing. After  the
          Agent's  receipt of  such  funds  and  upon  fulfillment  of  the
          applicable conditions  set forth  in Article  VI, the  Agent will
          make  such  funds  available  to  the  Borrower  at  the  Agent's
          above-referenced address.

               (c)       Each  Tranche  A Term  Borrowing pursuant  to this
          Section 2.2  shall be  in an aggregate  amount of  not less  than
          $10,000,000  or  an  integral multiple  of  $5,000,000  in excess
          thereof.    The  maximum  number  of  Tranche  A  Term Borrowings
          permitted under this Agreement shall be two (2).

               (d)       Each  Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section
          2.2  shall  be  irrevocable  and  binding  on  the Borrower.  The
          Borrower  shall indemnify  each Bank  against  any loss,  cost or
          expense  incurred by  such Bank  as a  result of  any failure  to
          fulfill  on  or  before  the date  specified  in  such  Notice of
          Borrowing for  such proposed Borrowing  the applicable conditions
          set forth in Article VI, including, without limitation, any loss,


                                        - 20 -<PAGE>





          cost  or  expense  incurred  by  reason  of  the  liquidation  or
          reemployment of  deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to
          fund any Tranche A Term Borrowing  when such Tranche A Term Loan,
          as  a result  of such  failure,  is not  made  on such  date.   A
          certificate as  to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and the
          Agent  by such  Bank  shall  be  conclusive  and  binding  absent
          manifest error. 

               (e)       Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a
          Bank prior to the date  of any proposed Tranche A Term  Borrowing
          pursuant  to  this  Section  2.2 that  such  Bank  will  not make
          available  to  the Agent  such  Bank's  Ratable Portion  of  such
          Tranche A Term Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has
          made such Ratable  Portion available to the Agent on  the date of
          such Tranche A Term Borrowing in accordance with this Section 2.2
          and  the  Agent  may,  in reliance  upon  such  assumption,  make
          available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
          and  to the  extent that such  Bank shall  not have so  made such
          Ratable Portion available to  the Agent and the Agent has so made
          available such amount, such Bank and the Borrower severally agree
          to  repay to  the Agent  forthwith on  demand such  corresponding
          amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
          such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such
          amount  is  repaid  to the  Agent,  at  (i) in  the  case  of the
          Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Tranche
          A Term Loans comprising the Tranche A  Term Borrowing and (ii) in
          the case of such Bank, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Bank shall
          repay  to the  Agent such  corresponding  amount, such  amount so
          repaid shall constitute such Bank's  Tranche A Term Loan as  part
          of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. If the Borrower
          shall repay to the Agent such corresponding  amount, such payment
          shall not relieve such Bank of any  obligation it may have to the
          Borrower hereunder.

               (f)       The failure of any Bank to make the Tranche A Term
          Loan to be  made by it  as part of  any Tranche A Term  Borrowing
          pursuant to this Section 2.2 shall not  relieve any other Bank of
          its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Tranche A Term Loan
          on the date  of such Borrowing, but no  Bank shall be responsible
          for the failure of any other Bank to make the Tranche A Term Loan
          to be made by  such other Bank on the date of  any such Tranche A
          Term Borrowing.

               2.3.      Termination/Reduction   of  the  Tranche   A  Term
          Commitments. 

               (a)       Optional Reductions.  The Borrower shall  have the
          right,  upon at  least five  Business Day's  prior notice  (which
          shall be  irrevocable) to  the Agent,  to terminate  in whole  or
          permanently  reduce ratably  in part the  unused portions  of the


                                        - 21 -<PAGE>





          respective Tranche  A Term  Commitments of  the Banks;  provided,
          however, that each  partial reduction shall  be in the  aggregate
          amount of  not less than $10,000,000  or an integral  multiple of
          $5,000,000 (or such lesser amount  as may be necessary to  reduce
          to  zero the amount of the  Tranche A Term Commitments) in excess
          thereof.

               (b)       Cancellation of Unused Portion.   On the Tranche A
          Term  Commitment  Termination Date,  the  unused portion  of each
          Bank's Tranche A Term Commitment  shall be cancelled and will  no
          longer be available for any Tranche A Term Borrowings thereafter.

               (c)       Payment  of Commitment  Fee.   Simultaneously with
          any termination, reduction or cancellation of the Tranche A  Term
          Commitments pursuant  to this Section 2.3, the Borrower shall pay
          to the Agent for the account of each relevant Bank the applicable
          Commitment  Fee, if  any, on  the  amount of  the Tranche  A Term
          Commitments so terminated, reduced or cancelled and owed  to such
          Bank through the date of such termination or reduction.

               2.4.      Consolidation and  Repayment  of  Tranche  A  Term
          Loans.

               (a)       Consolidation.  If  more than  one Tranche A  Term
          Borrowing is made, then on the Consolidation Date with respect to
          Tranche A Term Loans, the Interest Periods for the Tranche A Term
          Loans shall  be adjusted by  the Agent so  that on and  after the
          Consolidation Date, there will be  no more than one (1)  Interest
          Period outstanding  with respect to the Tranche A Term Loan.  The
          Agent shall give the  Banks 30 days' prior notice of the proposed
          Consolidation  Date.  The  Borrower shall indemnify  the Banks in
          accordance with Section 12.4(c) for any costs resulting from such
          Consolidation.

               (b)       Repayment.      The  Borrower   shall   repay  the
          outstanding  principal amount  of  the Tranche  A  Term Loans  in
          eleven (11) consecutive semi-annual installments in amounts equal
          to the percentage indicated in  the table below of the  principal
          amount  of   the  Tranche   A  Term   Loan  outstanding   on  the
          Consolidation   Date  (subject  to   adjustment  to  reflect  any
          prepayments  pursuant  to  Section 5.4);  provided  that,  in any
          event,  on the Tranche  A Term  Loan Maturity Date,  the Borrower
          shall pay the full principal  amount of all Tranche A Term  Loans
          then outstanding (together  with all accrued and  unpaid interest
          thereon):

               The day that is the following
               Number of months after the
               Initial Funding Date with



                                        - 22 -<PAGE>





               respect to Tranche A Term Loans         Installment
          Percentage

                  24 months                             5%
                  30 months                             5%
                  36 months                             6%
                  42 months                             6%
                  48 months                             7%
                  54 months                             7%
                  60 months                             8%
                  66 months                             8%
                  72 months                             9%
                  78 months                             9%
                  84 months                            30%



                                     ARTICLE III

                     AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TRANCHE B TERM LOANS

               3.1.      The Tranche B Term Loans.

                  (a)    Commitment to Lend.   On the terms and subject  to
          the conditions contained  in this Agreement, each  Bank severally
          agrees to make up to two (2) Tranche B Term Loans to the Borrower
          from  time to  time  on any  Business  Day during  the Tranche  B
          Availability  Period, each such  Loan being  part of a  Tranche B
          Term Borrowing,  in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time
          outstanding the  amount set  forth opposite  such Bank's  name on
          Schedule II  as its "Tranche B Term Commitment" (as adjusted from
          time to  time by  reason of  assignments in  accordance with  the
          provisions of  Section 12.7  and as  such amount  may be  reduced
          pursuant   to   Section  3.3,   such   Bank's  "Tranche   B  Term
          Commitment"); provided,  however, that, following  the making  of
          each  such  proposed  Tranche  B  Term  Loan,  (i) the  aggregate
          principal amount of  all Tranche B Term Loans  outstanding, shall
          not exceed the aggregate amount of the Tranche B Term Commitments
          and (ii) the aggregate principal  amount of all Loans outstanding
          shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Commitments, in each
          case at such time. 

                  (b)    Evidence of Debt.   (i)  Each  Bank shall maintain
          in accordance  with its usual practice an account or accounts and
          shall receive  from the  Borrower a  single Tranche  B Term  Note
          payable  to  the   order  of  such  Bank,  both   evidencing  the
          Indebtedness to such Bank resulting from each Tranche B Term Loan
          made by such  Bank to the Borrower  from time to time,  including
          the amounts  of principal and interest  payable and paid  to such
          Bank from time to time hereunder.


                                        - 23 -<PAGE>





                  (ii)   The Register maintained  by the  Agent pursuant to
          Section  12.7(g) shall  include a  "Tranche B  Term  Loan control
          account" for  each Bank, in which  account shall be  recorded (A)
          the date and amount of  each Tranche B Term Borrowing  hereunder,
          (B) the amount of each Bank's Tranche B Term Loan comprising such
          Borrowing and  the Interest  Period applicable  thereto, (C)  the
          amount of  any principal or interest due and payable or to become
          due and payable from  the Borrower to each  Bank with respect  to
          each such Tranche B Term Loan hereunder and (D) the amount of any
          sum received by the Agent from the Borrower  with respect to such
          Tranche B Term  Loans hereunder and  each Bank's Ratable  Portion
          thereof.

               (iii) The entries made in the Register in respect of Tranche
          B Term  Loans shall be conclusive  and binding for  all purposes,
          absent manifest error.

               3.2.   Making the Tranche B Term Loans.

                  (a)    Each Tranche B  Term Borrowing shall be  made upon
          receipt  of a Notice  of Borrowing, given by  the Borrower to the
          Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the fifth
          Business Day  prior to the  date of the  proposed Tranche B  Term
          Borrowing.

                  (b)    The Agent shall give to each Bank prompt notice of
          its receipt of a Notice of Borrowing in respect of Tranche B Term
          Loans  and,  upon  its  determination   thereof,  notice  of  the
          applicable interest rate  under Section 5.3(b). Each  Bank shall,
          before  11:00  A.M.  (New York  City  time)  on the  date  of the
          proposed Tranche B Term Borrowing, make available for the account
          of its Lending Office to the Agent  at its address referred to in
          Section 12.2, in immediately available funds, such Bank's Ratable
          Portion  of such  proposed Tranche  B Term  Borrowing. After  the
          Agent's  receipt  of  such  funds  and upon  fulfillment  of  the
          applicable conditions  set forth in  Article VI,  the Agent  will
          make  such  funds  available  to  the  Borrower  at  the  Agent's
          aforesaid address.

                  (c)    Each Tranche  B  Term Borrowing  pursuant to  this
          Section 3.2  shall be  in an  aggregate amount  of not less  than
          $10,000,000  or  an  integral multiple  of  $1,000,000  in excess
          thereof.    The  maximum  number of  Tranche  B  Term  Borrowings
          permitted under this Agreement shall be two (2).

                  (d)    Each Notice  of Borrowing pursuant to this Section
          3.2  shall  be irrevocable  and  binding on  the  Borrower.   The
          Borrower  shall indemnify  each Bank  against any  loss, cost  or
          expense  incurred by  such  Bank as  a result  of any  failure to
          fulfill  on  or  before  the date  specified  in  such  Notice of


                                        - 24 -<PAGE>





          Borrowing for  such proposed Borrowing the  applicable conditions
          set forth in Article VI, including, without limitation, any loss,
          cost  or  expense  incurred  by  reason  of  the  liquidation  or
          reemployment of  deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to
          fund any Tranche B Term Borrowing when such Tranche  B Term Loan,
          as a  result  of such  failure,  is not  made on  such  date.   A
          certificate as  to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and the
          Agent  by  such  Bank shall  be  conclusive  and binding,  absent
          manifest error.

                  (e)    Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a
          Bank prior to the  date of any proposed Tranche  B Term Borrowing
          pursuant  to  this  Section  3.2 that  such  Bank  will  not make
          available  to the  Agent  such  Bank's  Ratable Portion  of  such
          Tranche B Term Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has
          made  such Ratable Portion available to  the Agent on the date of
          such Tranche B Term Borrowing in accordance with this Section 3.2
          and  the  Agent  may,  in  reliance  upon  such assumption,  make
          available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
          and to the  extent that  such Bank  shall not have  so made  such
          Ratable Portion available to the Agent and the  Agent has so made
          available such amount, such Bank and the Borrower severally agree
          to repay  to the  Agent  forthwith on  demand such  corresponding
          amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
          such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such
          amount  is  repaid  to the  Agent,  at  (i) in  the  case  of the
          Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the Tranche
          B Term Loans comprising such Tranche B Term Borrowing and (ii) in
          the case of such Bank, the Federal Funds Rate. If such Bank shall
          repay  to the  Agent such  corresponding amount,  such amount  so
          repaid shall constitute such Bank's  Tranche B Term Loan as  part
          of such Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. If the Borrower
          shall repay  to the Agent such corresponding amount, such payment
          shall not relieve such Bank of any obligation it may have  to the
          Borrower hereunder.

                  (f)    The failure of any Bank to make the Tranche B Term
          Loan to be  made by it  as part of any  Tranche B Term  Borrowing
          pursuant to this Section 3.2 shall not relieve any other Bank  of
          its obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Tranche B Term Loan
          on  the date of such Borrowing, but  no Bank shall be responsible
          for the failure of any other Bank to make the Tranche B Term Loan
          to be made by  such other Bank on the date of  any such Tranche B
          Term Borrowing.

               3.3.   Termination/Reduction   of   the   Tranche   B   Term
          Commitments.

                  (a)    Optional Reductions.  The Borrower shall have  the
          right, upon  at least  five  Business Day's  prior notice  (which


                                        - 25 -<PAGE>





          shall be  irrevocable) to  the Agent,  to terminate  in whole  or
          permanently reduce  ratably in  part the  unused portions of  the
          respective Tranche  B Term  Commitments of  the Banks;  provided,
          however,  that each partial  reduction shall be  in the aggregate
          amount of  not less than $10,000,000  or an integral  multiple of
          $1,000,000 (or such lesser amount  as may be necessary to  reduce
          to zero the amount of  the Tranche B Term Commitments)  in excess
          thereof.

                  (b)    Cancellation of Unused Portion.   On the Tranche B
          Term  Commitment  Termination Date,  the  unused portion  of each
          Bank's Tranche B Term Commitment  shall be cancelled and will  no
          longer be available for any Tranche B Term Borrowings thereafter.

                  (c)    Payment of  Commitment Fee.   Simultaneously  with
          any termination, reduction or cancellation  of the Tranche B Term
          Commitments pursuant to this Section 3.3,  the Borrower shall pay
          to  the  Agent for  the  account  of  each  Bank  the  applicable
          Commitment  Fee, if  any, on  the amount  of the  Tranche  B Term
          Commitments so  terminated  or  reduced and  owed  to  such  Bank
          through the date of such termination, reduction or cancellation.

               3.4.   Consolidation and  Repayment of  the  Tranche B  Term
          Loans.

                  (a)    Consolidation.  If  more than  one Tranche B  Term
          Borrowing is made, then on the Consolidation Date with respect to
          Tranche B Term Loans, the Interest Periods for the Tranche B Term
          Loans shall be  adjusted by the  Agent so that  on and after  the
          Consolidation Date, there will be  no more than one (1)  Interest
          Period outstanding with respect to the  Tranche B Term Loan.  The
          Agent shall give the Banks 30 days' prior  notice of the proposed
          Consolidation Date.   The Borrower  shall indemnify the  Banks in
          accordance with Section 12.4(c) for any costs resulting from such
          Consolidation.

                  (b)    Repayment.     The   Borrower   shall  repay   the
          outstanding principal amount of the Tranche B Term Loans in seven
          (7) consecutive semi annual installments  in amounts equal to the
          percentage indicated in the table  below of the principal  amount
          of the Tranche B Term Loans outstanding on the Consolidation Date
          (subject to  adjustment to  reflect any  prepayments pursuant  to
          Section 5.4); provided that, in any event, on  the Tranche B Term
          Loan Maturity Date,  the Borrower  shall pay  the full  principal
          amount of  all Tranche B  Term Loans  then outstanding  (together
          with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon):

               The day that is the following
               Number of months after the
               Initial Funding Date with


                                        - 26 -<PAGE>





               respect to Tranche B Term Loans    Installment Percentage

                  24 months                             5%
                  30 months                             5%
                  36 months                             5%
                  42 months                            10%
                  48 months                            10%
                  54 months                            10%
                  60 months                            55%


                                      ARTICLE IV

                       AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE REVOLVING LOANS

               4.1.   The Revolving Loans.

                  (a)    Commitment  to Lend.  On the  terms and subject to
          the conditions contained  in this Agreement, each  Bank severally
          agrees to make Revolving Loans to  the Borrower from time to time
          on  any  Business  Day  during  the Revolving  Loan  Availability
          Period, each  such Loan being part of a Revolving Loan Borrowing,
          in  an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the
          amount set forth  opposite such Bank's name on Schedule II as its
          "Revolving Loan  Commitment" (as  adjusted from  time to  time by
          reason  of  assignments  in  accordance  with the  provisions  of
          Section  12.7  and as  such  amount may  be  reduced pursuant  to
          Section 4.3, such Bank's "Revolving Loan Commitment");  provided,
          however,  that,  following  the  making  of  each  such  proposed
          Revolving Loan, (i)  the aggregate amount of  all Revolving Loans
          outstanding  shall  not  exceed  the   aggregate  amount  of  the
          Revolving Loan Commitments  of the Banks  and (ii) the  aggregate
          principal amount  of all Loans  outstanding shall not  exceed the
          aggregate amount of the Commitments, in each case at such time.  

                  (b)    Evidence of Debt.  (i) Each Bank shall maintain in
          accordance with  its usual  practice an account  or accounts  and
          shall  receive from the Borrower  a single Revolving Note payable
          to the  order of such Bank,  both evidencing the  Indebtedness to
          such Bank resulting from each Revolving Loan made by such Bank to
          the  Borrower  from  time  to  time,  including  the  amounts  of
          principal and interest payable and paid to such Bank from time to
          time hereunder.

               (ii)  The  Register  maintained  by  the Agent  pursuant  to
          Section 12.7(g) shall include a  "Revolving Loan control account"
          for each  Bank, in which account  shall be recorded (A)  the date
          and amount  of each Revolving  Loan Borrowing hereunder,  (B) the
          amount of each  Bank's Revolving  Loan comprising such  Borrowing
          and the Interest Period applicable thereto, (C) the amount of any


                                        - 27 -<PAGE>





          principal  or  interest due  and  payable or  to  become due  and
          payable from the  Borrower to each Bank with respect to each such
          Revolving Loan hereunder and (D)  the amount of any sum  received
          by  the Agent from  the Borrower  with respect to  such Revolving
          Loans hereunder and each Bank's Ratable Portion thereof.

               (iii)  The entries made  in the  Register in respect  of the
          Revolving Loans shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
          absent manifest error.

                  (c)    Repayment of  Revolving Loans.   (i) The  Borrower
          may,  upon at least five Business Days' prior notice to the Agent
          (which  shall  be  irrevocable)  stating  the proposed  date  and
          aggregate  principal  amount  of  the  repayment,  repay  without
          premium the outstanding  principal amount of the  Revolving Loans
          comprising a  part of the same Revolving Loan Borrowing, in whole
          or in part, together  with accrued interest  to the date of  such
          repayment on the principal amount  repaid.  Within the limits  of
          each Bank's  Revolving  Loan Commitment,  amounts borrowed  under
          Section 4.1(a) and repaid may be reborrowed under Section 4.1(a),
          subject to Section 4.2(c) below.

               (ii)   The  Borrower shall  indemnify the Banks  pursuant to
          Section 12.4(c) in  the event that any repayment shall be made on
          a day other than the last day of  an Interest Period for the Loan
          or Loans being prepaid.

               4.2.   Making the Revolving Loans.  (a)  Each Revolving Loan
          Borrowing shall  be made upon receipt  of a Notice  of Borrowing,
          given by the Borrower to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
          York City time)  on the fifth Business  Day prior to the  date of
          the proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing.

               (b)    The Agent  shall give to  each Bank prompt  notice of
          its receipt  of a  Notice of  Borrowing in  respect of  Revolving
          Loans  and,  upon  its  determination   thereof,  notice  of  the
          applicable interest rate  under Section 5.3(b). Each  Bank shall,
          before  11:00 A.M.  (New  York City  time)  on  the date  of  the
          proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing, make available for the account
          of its Lending Office to the Agent at its address referred  to in
          Section 12.2, in immediately available funds, such Bank's Ratable
          Portion  of  such proposed  Revolving  Loan Borrowing.  After the
          Agent's  receipt  of  such  funds and  upon  fulfillment  of  the
          applicable conditions  set-forth in  Article VI,  the Agent  will
          make  such  funds  available  to  the  Borrower  at  the  Agent's
          aforesaid address.

               (c)    Each   Revolving  Loan  Borrowing  pursuant  to  this
          Section 4.2  shall be in  an aggregate  amount of  not less  than
          $6,000,000  or  an  integral  multiple  of $3,000,000  in  excess


                                        - 28 -<PAGE>





          thereof (or such lesser  amount as may be necessary  to draw down
          the full amount of the  Revolving Loan Commitment).  The  maximum
          number of  Interest Periods that may be outstanding in respect of
          Revolving Loans at any one time is four (4).

               (d)    Each  Notice of  Borrowing pursuant  to this  Section
          4.2  shall  be irrevocable  and  binding on  the  Borrower.   The
          Borrower  shall  indemnify each  Bank against  any loss,  cost or
          expense  incurred by  such Bank  as a  result of  any failure  to
          fulfill  on  or  before  the date  specified  in  such  Notice of
          Borrowing for such proposed  Borrowing the applicable  conditions
          set forth in Article VI, including, without limitation, any loss,
          cost  or  expense  incurred  by  reason  of  the  liquidation  or
          reemployment of  deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to
          fund any Revolving Loan to be made  by such Bank as part of  such
          proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing when  such Revolving Loan, as a
          result of such failure, is not made  on such date.  A certificate
          as  to such  amounts submitted to  the Borrower and  the Agent by
          such Bank shall be conclusive and binding, absent manifest error.

               (e)    Unless the Agent  shall have received  notice from  a
          Bank prior to the date  of any proposed Revolving Loan  Borrowing
          pursuant  to  this  Section  4.2 that  such  Bank  will  not make
          available  to  the  Agent such  Bank's  Ratable  Portion  of such
          Revolving Loan Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has
          made such Ratable Portion  available to the Agent on the  date of
          such Revolving Loan Borrowing in accordance with this Section 4.2
          and the  Agent  may,  in  reliance  upon  such  assumption,  make
          available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
          and  to the  extent that such  Bank shall  not have so  made such
          Ratable Portion available to the Agent  and the Agent has so made
          available such amount, such Bank and the Borrower severally agree
          to repay  to the  Agent forthwith  on  demand such  corresponding
          amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
          such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such
          amount  is  repaid  to the  Agent,  at  (i) in  the  case  of the
          Borrower, the  interest  rate  applicable  at  the  time  to  the
          Revolving Loan comprising such Revolving  Loan Borrowing and (ii)
          in the case  of such Bank, the  Federal Funds Rate. If  such Bank
          shall repay to the Agent  such corresponding amount, such  amount
          so repaid  shall constitute such Bank's Revolving Loan as part of
          such Borrowing  for purposes of  this Agreement. If  the Borrower
          shall repay to the Agent  such corresponding amount, such payment
          shall not relieve such Bank of any  obligation it may have to the
          Borrower hereunder.

               (f)    The failure of  any Bank to  make the Revolving  Loan
          to be made by it as part of any Revolving Loan Borrowing pursuant
          to  this Section  4.2  shall not  relieve any  other Bank  of its
          obligation, if any, hereunder to  make its Revolving Loan on  the


                                        - 29 -<PAGE>





          date  of such Borrowing, but no Bank shall be responsible for the
          failure of any other  Bank to make the Revolving Loan  to be made
          by  such other  Bank  on  the date  of  any  such Revolving  Loan
          Borrowing.

               4.3.   Termination/Reduction    of   the    Revolving   Loan
          Commitments.

               (a)    Optional Reductions.   The  Borrower  shall have  the
          right, upon at least thirty  days' prior notice to the Agent,  to
          terminate  in whole  or permanently  reduce ratably  in  part the
          unused portions of  the respective Revolving Loan  Commitments of
          the Banks; provided,  however, that each partial  reduction shall
          be in  the aggregate amount  of not  less than $10,000,000  or an
          integral multiple of $2,000,000  (or such other lesser amount  as
          may be  necessary to reduce  to zero the amount  of the Revolving
          Loan Commitments) in excess thereof.

               (b)    Payment  of Commitment Fee.   Simultaneously with any
          termination  or  reduction  of   the  Revolving  Loan  Commitment
          pursuant to this Section 4.3, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent
          for the  account of each Bank  the applicable Commitment  Fee, if
          any,  on  the  amount  of  the  Revolving  Loan  Commitments   so
          terminated or reduced and owed to  such Bank through the date  of
          such termination or reduction.

               4.4.   Repayment of the Revolving Loan.   The Borrower shall
          repay the  outstanding principal  amount of  the Revolving  Loans
          (together  with all accrued but  unpaid interest thereon) in full
          on the Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date.

               4.5.   Extension of  Revolving  Loan Commitment  Termination
          Date.  (a)  On or before  the first anniversary of  the Agreement
          Date, the Borrower may deliver  a notice to the Agent  indicating
          that  the  Revolving Loan  Commitment Termination  Date is  to be
          extended for an additional one year period with respect to all or
          a portion  of the outstanding Revolving  Loans in which  case the
          Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date shall be so extended;

               (b)  The  Borrower  may  request  that  the  Revolving  Loan
          Commitment Termination Date be so extended for an additional  one
          year period by submitting a request in writing to the Agent three
          months  prior  to the  then  scheduled Revolving  Loan Commitment
          Termination Date.  The Agent  shall promptly inform the Banks  of
          such  request.   Each  Bank  shall then  determine,  in its  sole
          discretion,  whether the  Revolving  Loan Commitment  Termination
          Date will  be extended as  to its  Revolving Loans and  such Bank
          shall inform the Agent  of its decision.  The Agent  shall inform
          the  Borrower within one  month of  the time when  the Borrower's
          request was  received whether its request for an extension of the


                                        - 30 -<PAGE>





          Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date  has been approved and
          by which Banks.   The Borrower shall repay in accordance with the
          terms of this Agreement the full amount of the Revolving Loans of
          any  non-Extending  Bank  on the  next  scheduled  Revolving Loan
          Commitment   Termination  Date  without   giving  effect  to  the
          extension. 

                  (c)   Extension Fee.   On the day notice is given, in the
          case of  an extension effected pursuant  to clause (a)  above, or
          within 7 days of the approval of each  extension of the Revolving
          Loan Commitment  Termination Date  in accordance  with the  terms
          hereof, in the case of extensions effected pursuant to clause (b)
          above, the  Borrower shall  pay to the  Agent for the  account of
          each Bank  that has Revolving Loans  outstanding as to  which the
          Revolving Loan Commitment  Termination Date  has been extended  a
          fee equal  to 1/8% of  each such  Bank's Ratable  Portion of  the
          Revolving Loans so extended.


                                      ARTICLE V

                                 INTEREST, FEES, ETC.

               5.1.   Interest  Period  Election.    (a)   Subject  to  the
          adjustment  of  any   Interest  Periods  in  connection   with  a
          Consolidation, after the  election of an initial  Interest Period
          pursuant to a Notice of  Borrowing, the Borrower shall elect  the
          Interest Period that shall  apply to each  Loan after the end  of
          the  then  current Interest  Period  with respect  to  such Loan;
          provided that  all Loans related to the same Borrowing shall have
          the  same  Interest  Period.   Each  such  election  shall  be in
          substantially the form of Exhibit I hereto (a "Notice of Interest
          Period") and shall  be made by  giving the Agent  at least  three
          Business  Days'  prior  written  notice  thereof  specifying  the
          Interest Period being elected.   The Agent shall  promptly notify
          each Bank of  its receipt of a  Notice of Interest Period  and of
          the contents  thereof.  If, within the time period required under
          the  terms of  this  Section 5.1,  the Agent  does not  receive a
          Notice of Interest Period from  the Borrower, or a Default  shall
          then  exist and be  continuing, then  the Agent shall  inform the
          Banks of the same and, upon the expiration of the Interest Period
          therefor, the Interest Period applicable to such Loans thereafter
          shall be (x) one month, in the case of the Borrower's  failure to
          deliver a Notice of Interest Period, and (y) of such  duration as
          the  Agent may determine, in the event a Default shall then exist
          and be  continuing, until  such time as  (i) in  the case  of the
          foregoing clause (x),  the Borrower delivers a Notice of Interest
          Period in  accordance with the terms of this Agreement electing a
          different Interest  Period  or (ii)  such  Loans become  due  and



                                        - 31 -<PAGE>





          payable (as  the case may  be).  Each  Notice of Interest  Period
          shall be irrevocable.

               (b)    Notwithstanding  anything else  herein  contained, if
          requested by  the Borrower in  its Notice of Borrowing  or in its
          Notice  of   Interest  Period,  the  Banks  may,  in  their  sole
          discretion, make Loans  with an applicable Interest  Period of 12
          months; provided that no such request shall be granted unless all
          of the Banks so agree.

               5.2.   Interest Rate.  (a)  The Borrower shall pay  interest
          on the unpaid  principal amount of each Loan from the date of the
          making thereof until the principal  amount thereof shall be  paid
          in  full  at a  rate  per annum  equal  at all  times  during the
          applicable  Interest  Period for  each  Loan to  the  sum of  the
          Eurodollar  Rate  for such  Interest  Period plus  the Applicable
          Margin (subject to clause (b)  below), payable in arrears (i)  on
          the last day  of such Interest Period or  (ii) in the case  of an
          Interest Period having a  duration of 12 months,  (x) on the  day
          that is 6 months after the day such Borrowing  is made and (y) on
          the last day of such Interest Period.

               (b)    Reduction  in  Applicable  Margin.    The  Applicable
          Margin in respect  of all types of Loans shall be reduced by 1/8%
          per annum  in respect of each Interest Period next succeeding any
          Interest  Period  during  the whole  of  which  the Equity  Ratio
          exceeds 0.5:1.

               (c)    Default  Rate  of  Interest.     If  any  amount   of
          principal of any  Loan is  not paid when  due, whether at  stated
          maturity,  by  acceleration  or  otherwise,   the  interest  rate
          applicable to  any such amount shall  be (i) the  Eurodollar Rate
          applicable to  such Loan (as  determined in accordance  with this
          Agreement)  plus (ii)  the Applicable  Margin plus  (iii) 1%  per
          annum, payable  on  demand, and  if any  interest,  fee or  other
          amount payable  hereunder is not paid when due, such amount shall
          bear interest  at a  rate per  annum equal  at all  times to  the
          Eurodollar Rate in  effect at such time,  for a period and  for a
          Dollar amount determined by the Agent, plus 2% per annum, payable
          on demand.

               5.3.   Interest  Rate Determination  and Protection.  (a) If
          the  Agent shall on  behalf of the Banks  determine in good faith
          (which  determination  shall  be conclusive  and  binding  on the
          Borrower  and  the  Banks)  that,   by  reason  of  circumstances
          affecting  the   international   interbank  Eurocurrency   market
          generally, adequate and reasonable means do not or will not exist
          for ascertaining the  Eurodollar Rate applicable to  any Interest
          Period,  the  Agent  shall  give  notice  of  such  determination
          (hereinafter called a "Determination Notice") to the Borrower and


                                        - 32 -<PAGE>





          each of  the Banks.  The Borrower, the  Banks and the Agent shall
          then negotiate in  good faith in order  to agree upon  a mutually
          satisfactory interest rate  (or separate rates in  respect of the
          Loans of the several Banks)  and Interest Period (or Periods)  to
          be substituted for those which would otherwise have applied under
          this  Agreement.  If  the Borrower, the  Banks and the  Agent are
          unable  to agree upon  an interest  rate (or rates)  and Interest
          Period (or  Periods) within a period not exceeding thirty days of
          the giving of such Determination Notice, then the  Borrower shall
          have the  right  to prepay  any such  Loans  (without premium  or
          penalty) and  with respect  to  any such  Loans that  are not  so
          prepaid, the Agent shall (after  consultation with the Banks) set
          an interest rate  (or separate rates in  respect of the  Loans of
          the  several Banks) and  an Interest  Period (or Periods)  all to
          take effect from the expiration of the Interest Period current at
          the date of the Determination Notice, which rate (or rates) shall
          be the aggregate of the Applicable Margin and the cost to each of
          the Banks of  funding their Ratable Portion of the Loans.  In the
          event that the condition referred to in this Section 5.3(a) shall
          extend beyond the end of an Interest Period so agreed or set, the
          foregoing  procedure  shall  be  repeated  as  often  as  may  be
          necessary.

               (b)    The Agent shall  give prompt notice  to the  Borrower
          and the Banks of the  applicable interest rate determined by  the
          Agent for purposes of Section  5.2(a) or (c), and the  applicable
          rate furnished by each Reference Bank.

               (c)    If  the  Majority Banks  notify  the  Agent that  the
          Eurodollar  Rate  for  any Interest  Period  will  not adequately
          reflect  the cost to  such Banks  of making or  maintaining their
          respective  Loans  for  such  Interest  Period, the  Agent  shall
          forthwith  give notice  thereof  to the  Borrower  and the  Banks
          stating the  circumstances which  have caused  such notice  to be
          given, and if  such notice shall  be given prior  to the Loan  or
          Loans being advanced by the Banks, the Borrower's right to borrow
          the Loans  hereunder from the Banks shall be suspended during the
          continuation of  such circumstances.   In  any event, during  the
          thirty  (30)  days  following  the giving  of  such  notice,  the
          Borrower, the Agent and the  Banks shall negotiate in good  faith
          in order to  arrive at  an alternative interest  rate or (as  the
          case  may be)  an  alternative basis  for the  Banks  to fund  or
          continue to  fund their Ratable Portion of such Loans during such
          Interest  Period.   If  within  such thirty  (30)  day period  an
          alternative interest  rate or (as the case may be) an alternative
          basis is  agreed upon, then such alternative interest rate or (as
          the  case  may   be)  alternative  basis  shall  take  effect  in
          accordance with  the terms of such  agreement.  If  the Borrower,
          the Agent  and the Banks  fail to  agree on  such an  alternative
          interest rate  or (as the case  may be) alternative  basis within


                                        - 33 -<PAGE>





          such thirty (30) day period and such circumstances are continuing
          at the end  of such thirty (30)  day period, then the  Agent with
          the agreement  of  each Bank  shall set  an  interest period  and
          interest rate  representing the cost of  funding of the  Banks in
          Dollars of their Ratable Portion  of such Loans plus the  Margin.
          If the  circumstance shall continue at  the end of  such interest
          period, the procedure  in this Section 5.3(c)  shall be repeated.
          If the Borrower shall  not agree with such rate then the Borrower
          may give  not less than  fifteen (15) Business  Days' irrevocable
          notice  of prepayment to  the Agent  in which case  the aggregate
          Commitments of the Banks shall thereupon be cancelled and, if the
          Loans are outstanding, the Borrower shall prepay (without premium
          or penalty) the Loans on the first Business Day after such period
          together with  accrued interest  thereon at  the applicable  rate
          plus the Applicable Margin.

               5.4.   Prepayments  of  the  Loans.         (a)     Optional
          Prepayments.   Subject to the provisions of this Section 5.4, the
          Borrower may prepay Loans  on the last day of any Interest Period
          with respect to  such Loans  (or, with  respect to a  Loan as  to
          which the applicable Interest Period is 12 months,  on any day on
          which an  interest  payment is  due pursuant  to Section  5.2(a);
          provided that if  such day is  not the last  day of the  Interest
          Period in respect of such Loan, the Borrower shall continue to be
          liable for  any costs or expenses pursuant to Section 12.4(c)) as
          follows:

                  (i)    Tranche A  Term Loans  and Tranche  B Term  Loans.
               (A)   The Borrower may, upon at least fifteen Business Days'
               prior  notice  to  the Agent  (which  shall  be irrevocable)
               stating the proposed date and  aggregate principal amount of
               the  prepayment,  prepay  without  premium  or  penalty  the
               outstanding principal amount of the Tranche A Term Loans and
               the  Tranche B Term  Loans, in whole  or in part  (but if in
               part, then  such prepayment shall be applied pro rata to all
               Tranche  A  Term  Loans  and  Tranche  B  Term   Loans  then
               outstanding), together with accrued interest  to the date of
               such prepayment on the principal amount prepaid.

                      (B)  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if  the aggregate
               principal amount of all Tranche  A Term Loans and Tranche  B
               Term Loans  prepaid by the  Borrower during the  period from
               the Agreement Date through the  third anniversary thereof is
               equal   to  or  exceeds  $50,000,000,  then  any  additional
               prepayment  of the Tranche  A Term  Loans and the  Tranche B
               Term Loans made during such period shall be subject to a fee
               of 1/4 of 1% on the amount being prepaid; provided, however,
               that such fee  shall not be payable  if the source of  funds
               for  such  prepayment is (x)  the Net Cash Proceeds of asset
               sales,  (y)  the   Net  Cash  Proceeds  of   Capital  Market


                                        - 34 -<PAGE>





               Transactions, or (z) Earnings from Operations, (in each case
               as evidenced in  the certificate of a  Responsible Financial
               Officer delivered to  the Agent and setting  forth in detail
               satisfactory  to the Agent  the source  of such  funds); and
               provided,  further,  that   no  such  fee  shall   apply  to
               prepayments  made   after  the  third  anniversary   of  the
               Agreement Date.

                      (C)  Tranche  A Term Loans  and Tranche B  Term Loans
               prepaid pursuant to this Agreement may not be reborrowed.

                  (ii)   Prepayments  of  any  type  of  Loan made  at  the
               Borrower's option may  be allocated  (A) towards payment  of
               the  next  payment  due, (B)  pro-rata  among  all remaining
               maturities or (C) towards the final payment due, in any case
               with respect to such Loans at the option of the Borrower.

               (b)    Mandatory  Prepayment.  The  Borrower  shall   prepay
          Tranche A Term Loans, Tranche B Term Loans and Revolving Loans to
          the  extent  necessary  to ensure  that  the  aggregate principal
          amount  of all (i)  Tranche A Term Loans  outstanding will not at
          any time exceed the aggregate  of the Tranche A Term  Commitments
          of the Banks, (ii)  Tranche B Term Loans outstanding  will not at
          any time exceed the aggregate  of the Tranche B Term  Commitments
          of the Banks, and (iii)  Revolving Loans outstanding will not  at
          any time exceed the Revolving Loan Commitments of the Banks.

               (c)    Indemnification  of   Banks.    The   Borrower  shall
          indemnify the Banks pursuant to Section 12.4(c) in the event that
          any prepayment shall be made on a  day other than the last day of
          an  Interest Period  for the  Loan or  Loans being  prepaid.   In
          addition to any amounts due by the Borrower to the Banks pursuant
          to Section  12.4(c), the Borrower shall pay  to the Agent for the
          account of  the Banks an additional fee of  1/4% per annum on the
          amount so prepaid for the remainder of the Interest Period. 

               (d)    Amount  and Allocation  of Prepayment.   Each partial
          prepayment permitted  under  this  Section 5.4  shall  be  in  an
          aggregate  amount  of  not  less   than  $5,000,000  or  integral
          multiples of $1,000,000 in excess thereof.

               5.5.   Fees.   (a)  Commitment Fees.   (i)   Tranche  A Term
          Commitment.    The Borrower  will  pay  on  the  Tranche  A  Term
          Commitment Termination  Date to the Agent for the account of each
          Bank  in arrears a fee accruing from the Agreement Date until the
          Tranche  A  Term  Commitment  Termination  Date, on  such  Bank's
          aggregate daily unused and uncancelled  Tranche A Term Commitment
          as in effect from time to time at the rate of 3/8% per annum.




                                        - 35 -<PAGE>





                  (ii)   Tranche B Term Commitment.   The Borrower will pay
          on the  Tranche B Term Commitment  Termination Date to  the Agent
          for the account of each Bank  in arrears a fee accruing from  the
          Agreement Date until  the Tranche  B Term Commitment  Termination
          Date  on  such  Bank's  aggregate  daily unused  and  uncancelled
          Tranche B Term Commitment, as in effect from time to time, at the
          rate of 3/8% per annum.

                  (iii)   Revolving Loan Commitment.  The Borrower will pay
          to the Agent for the account of each Bank quarterly in  arrears a
          fee accruing  from the  Agreement Date  until the Revolving  Loan
          Commitment Termination Date on such Bank's aggregate daily unused
          and uncancelled Revolving Loan Commitment, as in effect from time
          to time, at the rate of .55% per annum.

               (b)       Arrangement Fee.   The  Borrower will  pay to  the
          Arranger a fee (the  "Arrangement Fee"), in an  amount separately
          agreed.  Such fee shall be payable in two equal payments with one
          half  payable on the Agreement Date and  the other payable on the
          Initial Funding Date with respect to  the first type of Loan made
          hereunder.

               (c)       Agency Fee.  The Borrower will pay to the Agent an
          annual  fee (the  "Agency Fee")  in an amount  separately agreed.
          Such fee  shall be paid  (a) within  seven days of  the Agreement
          Date,  (b)  each  year  thereafter  on  the  anniversary  of  the
          Agreement Date,  and (c) on termination  of this Agreement  in an
          amount equal to the accrued and unpaid portion of such fee.

               5.6.      Increased Costs.   (a) If,  due to either  (i) the
          introduction of  or any change (other  than any change by  way of
          imposition or increase  of reserve  requirements included in  the
          Eurodollar Reserve Requirement) in, or  in the interpretation of,
          any law or regulation or  (ii) the compliance with any  guideline
          or request from any central bank  or other Governmental Authority
          (whether or  not having  the force  of law),  there shall  be any
          increase  in  the  cost  (other  than  with  respect  to  income,
          franchise or  withholding  taxes  or other  taxes  of  a  similar
          nature)  to any Bank  of agreeing to  make or making,  funding or
          maintaining any  Loans, then (A) such Bank shall, as soon as such
          Bank  becomes aware of such increased cost,  but in any event not
          later  than  90  days after  such  increased  cost  was incurred,
          deliver to the Borrower and the Agent a notice stating the actual
          amount of  such increased  cost incurred  by such  Bank; (B)  the
          Borrower shall, promptly upon its  receipt of such notice pay  to
          the Agent  for the  account of  such Bank  amounts sufficient  to
          compensate such Bank for the increased cost incurred by it as set
          forth in the notice referred to above and (C) such Bank shall use
          its reasonable  best  efforts to  designate another  of its  then
          existing offices  as its  Lending Office  if the  making of  such


                                        - 36 -<PAGE>





          designation would, without  any detrimental effect to  such Bank,
          as determined by such Bank in its sole discretion, avoid the need
          for, or  reduce the amount of,  future increased costs  which are
          probable of being incurred by such Bank.  The amount of increased
          costs payable by the  Borrower to any Bank as stated  in any such
          notice delivered  to the Borrower and  the Agent pursuant  to the
          provisions of this Section 5.6(a) shall be conclusive and binding
          for all purposes, absent manifest error.

               (b)   If any  Bank shall be  required under  Regulation D to
          maintain  reserves   with  respect   to  liabilities  or   assets
          consisting of  or  including Eurocurrency  Liabilities, then  (i)
          such Bank  shall, within  45 days after  the end of  any Interest
          Period with  respect to any  Loan during  which such Bank  was so
          required to maintain such  reserves, deliver to the Borrower  and
          the Agent  a notice stating  (A) that such  Bank was  required to
          maintain reserves and as  a result such Bank  incurred additional
          costs  in connection  with  making Loans  and  (B) in  reasonable
          detail,  such  Bank's computations  of  the amount  of additional
          interest payable by  the Borrower pursuant  to the provisions  of
          this Section  5.6(b), and (ii)  the Borrower shall  promptly upon
          receipt of any such notice, pay to the Agent, for the  account of
          such Bank, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount  of
          each  Loan of  such Bank  outstanding during the  Interest Period
          with respect to  which the above-referenced notice  was delivered
          to the Borrower,  at a  rate per  annum equal  to the  difference
          obtained by subtracting (x) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest
          Period from  (y) the  rate obtained by  dividing such  Eurodollar
          Rate by a percentage equal  to 100% minus the Eurodollar  Reserve
          Requirement of such Bank for such Interest Period.  The amount of
          interest payable  by the Borrower  to any  Bank as stated  in any
          certificate delivered  to the Borrower and the  Agent pursuant to
          the  provisions of  this Section  5.6(b) shall be  conclusive and
          binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

               (c)       The payments  required under  Sections 5.6(a)  and
          (b) are  in  addition  to  any  other  payments  and  indemnities
          required under this Agreement.

               5.7.      Illegality.   Notwithstanding any  other provision
          of this Agreement, if the introduction of  or any change in or in
          the interpretation of any law  or regulation, in each case  after
          the date hereof, shall make  it unlawful, or any central bank  or
          other Governmental Authority  shall assert  that it is  unlawful,
          for any Bank or its Lending  Office to make Loans or to  continue
          to  fund or maintain  Loans, then,  on notice thereof  and demand
          therefor by such Bank to the  Borrower through the Agent, (i) the
          obligation of  such Bank to make  Loans shall be  suspended until
          such Bank  through the Agent shall  notify the Borrower  that the
          circumstances causing such  suspension no  longer exist and  (ii)


                                        - 37 -<PAGE>





          the Borrower shall forthwith prepay  (without premium or penalty)
          in full  all Loans of such  Bank then outstanding,  together with
          interest accrued thereon;  provided, however, that before  making
          any such  demand, each  Bank agrees  to use  its reasonable  best
          efforts to  designate another of its then existing offices as its
          Lending Office if the making of such a designation would, without
          any detrimental effect to such Bank, cause the making of Loans to
          not be subject to this Section 5.7.

               5.8.      Capital Adequacy.  If any Bank shall, at any time,
          reasonably determine  that (a) the adoption (i) after the date of
          this Agreement, of any capital adequacy guidelines or (ii) at any
          time, of any other applicable law, government rule, regulation or
          order  regarding  capital  adequacy  of  banks  or  bank  holding
          companies, (b) any change in (i) any of the foregoing or (ii) the
          interpretation or administration  of any of the  foregoing by any
          Governmental Authority, central bank or  comparable agency or (c)
          compliance  with any  policy,  guideline,  directive  or  request
          regarding  capital adequacy (whether  or not having  the force of
          law and  whether  or not  failure to  comply  therewith would  be
          unlawful)  of   any  Governmental  Authority,   central  bank  or
          comparable agency,  would have the effect of reducing the rate of
          return on the  capital of such Bank  to a level below  that which
          such Bank  could have achieved but  for such adoption,  change or
          compliance (taking into  consideration the policies of  such Bank
          with respect  to capital  adequacy in  effect immediately  before
          such adoption, change or compliance) and (x) such reduction is as
          a consequence of the  Commitment of, or  the making of any  Loans
          by,  such Bank  hereunder and  (y) such  reduction  is reasonably
          deemed by  such Bank  to be  material, then  (1) such Bank  shall
          deliver  to  the Borrower  and  the Agent  a  notice stating  the
          reduction  in the rate  of return  such Bank  will in  the future
          suffer as a result of its  Commitment or the making of any  Loans
          by it  to  the Borrower  hereunder and  (2)  the Borrower  shall,
          promptly upon  receipt of  such notice pay  to the Agent  for the
          account of such  Bank from time to time as specified by such Bank
          such amount  as shall be sufficient  to compensate such  Bank for
          such reduced return.  The  amount stated in any notice  delivered
          to the  Borrower pursuant to the  provisions of this  Section 5.8
          shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
          error.    In  determining  any such  amount,  such  Bank  may use
          reasonable  averaging  and  attribution  methods.    The payments
          required under  this Section  5.8 are  in addition  to any  other
          payments and indemnities required hereunder.

               5.9.      Payments and Computations.  (a) The Borrower shall
          make each  payment payable by it  hereunder not later  than 11:00
          A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due, in Dollars, to the
          Agent at its address referred  to in Section 12.2 in  immediately
          available funds without  set-off or counterclaim. The  Agent will


                                        - 38 -<PAGE>





          promptly thereafter cause  to be distributed like  funds relating
          to the  payment of principal or  interest or fees  ratably (other
          than amounts payable pursuant to Section  5.6, 5.7 or 5.8) to the
          Banks  for the account  of their respective  Lending Offices, and
          like funds relating to the payment of any other amount payable to
          any Bank to such Bank for  the account of its Lending Office,  in
          each case  to be  applied in  accordance with the  terms of  this
          Agreement. Payment received  by the Agent  after 11:00 A.M.  (New
          York  City time)  shall  be deemed  to be  received  on the  next
          Business Day.

               (b)  No Reductions.   (i) Subject to Section 5.9(b)(ii)  and
          (iii), payments due to the  Agent, the Arranger, the  Co-Arranger
          or  any  Bank under  the  Loan Documents,  and  all other  terms,
          conditions, covenants and agreements to be observed and performed
          by the Borrower thereunder, shall  be made, observed or performed
          by the Borrower  without any  reduction or deduction  whatsoever,
          including any reduction or deduction for any set-off, recoupment,
          counterclaim (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or
          Tax.  

               (ii)(x)  If any withholding or deduction from any payment to
          be made by the Borrower hereunder is required for any Taxes under
          any applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Borrower will

                  (A)    pay directly to the relevant taxing  authority the
               full amount required to be so withheld or deducted;

                  (B)    promptly forward to the  Agent an official receipt
               or  other documentation satisfactory to the Agent evidencing
               such payment to such authority; and

                  (C)    pay to the Agent for the account of the Banks such
               additional amount or  amounts necessary  to ensure that  the
               net amount actually  received by  each Bank  will equal  the
               full amount  such  Bank  would  have received  had  no  such
               withholding or deduction been required.

               In addition, to the extent  permitted by applicable law, the
          Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or documentary
          taxes, excise  or property taxes, or any other charges or similar
          levies which  arise from any payment  made hereunder or  from the
          execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect
          to,  this  Agreement or  the  Notes (hereinafter  referred  to as
          "Other Taxes").

               Each Bank shall use its reasonable best efforts to designate
          another of its then existing offices as its Lending Office if the
          making of such designation would,  without any detrimental effect
          to such Bank (as determined by the Bank in its sole  discretion),


                                        - 39 -<PAGE>





          avoid  the need for, or reduce the amount of, such withholding or
          deduction  from  any payment  to  be  made to  such  Bank by  the
          Borrower hereunder required for any Taxes.

               The Borrower  will indemnify each Bank and the Agent for the
          full  amount of  Taxes or Other  Taxes paid  by such Bank  or the
          Agent  (as  the  case  may   be)  and  any  liability  (including
          penalties,  interest  and  expenses) arising  therefrom  or  with
          respect thereto,  whether or not such  Taxes or Other  Taxes were
          correctly or  legally asserted.   This  indemnification shall  be
          made within 30  days from the date such Bank or the Agent (as the
          case may be) makes written demand therefor.

               If the Borrower  fails to pay any Taxes or  Other Taxes when
          due to the appropriate taxing authority or  fails to remit to the
          Agent,  for the  account of  the respective  Banks, the  required
          receipts  or  other required  documentary evidence,  the Borrower
          shall indemnify the Agent and the Banks for any incremental Taxes
          or Other Taxes,  penalties, interest or expenses that  may become
          payable by the Agent or any Bank as a result of any such failure.

               (y)  Notwithstanding subsection (x),  the Borrower shall not
          be required  to indemnify  or pay  additional amounts  for or  on
          account of:

               (A)       Taxes imposed on or measured by  the net income of
          the Agent or  any Bank or franchise Taxes imposed on the Agent or
          any Bank,  but in  each case only  to the  extent imposed  by the
          jurisdiction under  the laws of which  the Agent or  such Bank is
          organized  or  doing business  (other  than as  a  result of  the
          transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or the Agent's or
          any Bank's  enforcement of its rights under any Loan Document) or
          any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein,
          or  by any jurisdiction in which the Agent or such Bank's lending
          office or principal executive office is  located or any political
          subdivision or taxing  authority thereof  or therein (except,  in
          each case, to the extent  required by the following paragraph  to
          make payments on a net after-tax-basis), or

               (B)       any Tax or Other Tax  imposed by reason of  either
          (i) the failure of  the certification made by a Bank  on any form
          provided pursuant  to Section 5.9(b)(iii) to be accurate and true
          in all material respects unless  any such failure is attributable
          solely to a Change in Tax Law that occurs on or after the date on
          which such form  is provided by such Bank, or (ii) the failure by
          a  Bank  to  deliver  to  the Borrower  and  the  Agent  two duly
          completed  and  executed copies  of  IRS Form  1001  or 4224  (or
          successor  applicable  forms)  in   accordance  with  the  second
          sentence of  Section 5.9(b)(iii),  certifying that  such Bank  is
          entitled to  receive payments under this Agreement  and the Loans


                                        - 40 -<PAGE>





          without deduction  or withholding  of any  United States  federal
          income taxes, provided that this clause (B)(ii) will not apply if
          such failure is  attributable solely to a Change in  Tax Law that
          occurs on or after the date hereof.

               All  amounts payable  as additional  amounts or  indemnities
          pursuant to this Section 5.9(b) shall include an amount necessary
          to hold the Agent  or the relevant Bank harmless on  a net after-
          tax-basis  from and against  all Taxes  required to be  paid with
          respect to  or  as a  result of  the payment  of such  additional
          amount  or  indemnity   (including,  without  limitation,   Taxes
          described in clause (A) of the preceding paragraph.)

               (iii)  Each Bank that is not a United States person (as such
          term is defined in Section  7701(a)(30) of the Code) agrees  that
          it  will, on  or  before the  date  that the  Bank executes  this
          Agreement (or, in the case of a Bank that becomes a Bank pursuant
          to an assignment described in Section 12.7, on or before the date
          that   the  Agent  records  the  Notice  of  the  Assignment  and
          Acceptance by which it becomes  a Bank), deliver to the  Borrower
          and the Agent two duly completed and executed  copies of IRS Form
          1001 or 4224  or successor applicable  form, as the case  may be,
          certifying  in each case  that such  Bank is entitled  to receive
          payments payable to it under this Agreement and the Loans without
          deduction  or  withholding of  any  United States  federal income
          taxes.  Each Bank that undertakes to  deliver to the Borrower and
          the  Agent an IRS Form 1001  or 4224 under the preceding sentence
          further undertakes to deliver to  the Agent and the Borrower  two
          additional duly  completed and  executed copies  of Form 1001  or
          4224 (or successor applicable forms)  on or before the date  that
          any such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence
          of  any  event  requiring  a  change  in  the  most  recent  form
          previously  delivered by it  to the  Borrower and the  Agent, and
          such extensions or renewals thereof as may reasonably be required
          by the Borrower, certifying, in the case  of a Form 1001 or 4224,
          that  such  Bank  is  entitled  to  receive  payments under  this
          Agreement and the  Loans without deduction or withholding  of any
          United States  federal income taxes, unless, in any such case, an
          event (including, without limitation, any  Change in Tax Law) has
          occurred  before  the  date  on  which  any such  delivery  would
          otherwise be required  which renders all such  forms inapplicable
          or which  causes such Bank to  be no longer eligible  to complete
          and deliver  any such form with respect to  it, in which case the
          Bank shall either (1) furnish to the Borrower such forms or other
          certification as  the  Bank  (in  its sole  opinion)  is  legally
          entitled  to  furnish  evidencing the  Bank's  eligibility  for a
          complete  exemption  from or  a  reduced rate  of  withholding of
          United States  federal income taxes,  or (2) notify  the Borrower
          that the  Bank is not capable  of receiving payments  without any
          deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax.


                                        - 41 -<PAGE>





               (c) Computations of  the Commitment  Fee.  All  computations
          of the Commitment Fee and  all computations of interest based  on
          the Eurodollar  Rate shall be made by the Agent on the basis of a
          year of 360  days, and all  computations of  other fees shall  be
          made by the Agent  on the basis of a year of  365 or 366 days, as
          the case  may be,  in each  case for  the actual  number of  days
          (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in
          the period for  which such  interest and fees  are payable.   All
          computations of the Commitment Fee in respect of any type of Loan
          shall be  based  on the  aggregate daily  unused  Tranche A  Term
          Commitment,  Tranche   B  Term   Commitment  or  Revolving   Loan
          Commitment (as the case may be) of each Bank.  Each determination
          by the  Agent of an interest  rate hereunder shall  be conclusive
          and binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

               (d) Payment Due  on Other Than  Business Day.  Whenever  any
          payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a
          Business Day, such payment shall  be made on the next  succeeding
          Business Day, and such  extension of time shall  in such case  be
          included in  the computation of payment  of interest or  fees, as
          the case may be.

               (e) Notice to  Agent of Non-Payment; Presumption of Payment.
          Unless  the Agent  shall have  received notice from  the Borrower
          prior  to the  date on  which  any payment  is due  to  the Banks
          hereunder that the Borrower will  not make such payment in  full,
          the  Agent may assume that the  Borrower has made such payment in
          full  to the Agent  on such date  and the Agent  may, in reliance
          upon  such assumption, cause  to be  distributed to each  Bank on
          such due date an amount equal  to the amount then due such  Bank.
          If  and to the  extent that the  Borrower shall not  have so made
          such payment in full  to the Agent, each Bank shall  repay to the
          Agent forthwith  on demand such  amount distributed to  such Bank
          together with interest thereon, for  each day from the date  such
          amount is  distributed  to such  Bank until  the  date such  Bank
          repays such amount to the Agent, at the Federal Funds Rate.

               5.10.     Sharing of Payments,  Etc.  (a)  If, prior to  the
          occurrence of  an Event  of Default,  any Bank  shall obtain  any
          payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the  exercise of
          any right of set-off, or otherwise) on  account of the Loans of a
          certain type (i.e. Tranche A  Term Loans, Tranche B Term Loans or
          Revolving Loans)  made by it (other than pursuant to Section 5.6,
          5.7, 5.8 or 5.9) in excess of  its Ratable Portion of payments on
          account of the  Loans of the same type obtained by all the Banks,
          such  Bank shall  forthwith purchase  from  the other  Banks such
          participation in the Loans of such type  made by them as shall be
          necessary  to cause  such  purchasing Bank  to  share the  excess
          payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all
          or  any portion  of such excess  payment is  thereafter recovered


                                        - 42 -<PAGE>





          from such  purchasing Bank, such purchase from each Bank shall be
          rescinded and each such Bank  shall repay to the purchasing  Bank
          the purchase price to the  extent of such recovery together  with
          an amount  equal to such Bank's  ratable share (according  to the
          proportion of (i) the amount of such Bank's required repayment to
          (ii) the total amount so  recovered from the purchasing Bank)  of
          any interest  or other amount paid  or payable by  the purchasing
          Bank  in respect of the total amount  so recovered.  The Borrower
          agrees  that any Bank so purchasing  a participation from another
          Bank  pursuant to this  Section 5.10  may, to the  fullest extent
          permitted  by law, exercise all  its rights of payment (including
          the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully
          as if  such Bank were the direct creditor  of the Borrower in the
          amount of such participation.

               (b)  If,  after the Loans are  declared to be due  and owing
          (in accordance with  the provisions of  this Agreement) prior  to
          their stated maturity, any Bank shall obtain any payment (whether
          voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise of any right of set-
          off, or otherwise)  on account of  any Loan or  Loans made by  it
          (other than pursuant to Section  5.6, 5.7, 5.8 or 5.9) in  excess
          of  its  Ratable Portion  of  payments on  account  of all  Loans
          obtained by all the Banks, such Bank  shall pay over to the Agent
          such excess  amount and the Agent shall forthwith distribute such
          payment to the Banks pro rata in accordance with each such Bank's
          Ratable Portion of all Loans then outstanding.


                                      ARTICLE VI

                                CONDITIONS OF LENDING

               6.1.      Conditions Precedent to the Making of  the Initial
          Loans.  The making  of the initial Loans hereunder  is subject to
          satisfaction of the conditions precedent that (a) the Agent shall
          have received the  following, in form and  substance satisfactory
          to the Agent, and in sufficient copies for each Bank:

                   (i)   Certified  copies of  (1) the  resolutions of  the
               Board  of Directors of  each Loan Party  approving each Loan
               Document to  which  it is  a party,  and  (2) all  documents
               evidencing any other necessary corporate action and required
               governmental  and any  third party  approvals, licenses  and
               consents with respect to each Loan Document to which it is a
               party.

                   (ii)   A  copy of  the certificate  of  incorporation of
               each  Loan  Party  certified  as of  a  recent  date  by the
               Secretary  of   State  of  such   Person's  jurisdiction  of
               incorporation (or by  an official of equivalent  standing in


                                        - 43 -<PAGE>





               the case  of a  Loan Party incorporated  outside the  U.S.),
               together with certificates of such official attesting to the
               good standing of  such Person, and a copy of  the By-Laws of
               each such  Person certified by its  Secretary or one  of its
               Assistant Secretaries.

                   (iii)   A certificate of  the Secretary or an  Assistant
               Secretary of each Loan  Party certifying the names  and true
               signatures  of  its  officers who  have  been  authorized to
               execute and  deliver each  Loan Document  to which  it is  a
               party and each other document and certificate to be executed
               or delivered hereunder on behalf of such Person.

                   (iv)   A  favorable  opinion  of (1)  Kirkland  & Ellis,
               special  New   York  counsel   to  the   Loan  Parties,   in
               substantially the  form of Exhibit  J-1 hereto, (2)  Beth P.
               Hecht,   Corporate   Counsel  to   the   Loan   Parties,  in
               substantially the form  of Exhibit  J-2 hereto, (3)  Watson,
               Farley & Williams, special New York counsel to the Agent, in
               substantially   the  form   of  Exhibit   J-3  hereto,   (4)
               Advokatfirmaet Ole Christian Hoie, special Norwegian counsel
               to the  Agent,  in substantially  the  form of  Exhibit  J-4
               hereto, (5) Gorrissen  & Federspiel, special  Danish counsel
               to  the Agent,  in  substantially the  form  of Exhibit  J-5
               hereto  and  (6)  McCarter  &  English, Special  New  Jersey
               counsel  to  the  Borrower,  in  substantially the  form  of
               Exhibit J-6.

                   (v)    the  Notes,  duly   executed  on  behalf  of  the
               Borrower.

                   (vi)  A duly executed Parent Guaranty.

                   (vii)  A Subsidiary Guaranty duly executed  on behalf of
               each of the Subsidiary Guarantors.

                   (viii)  A duly  executed Pledge Agreement in  respect of
               each Pledge Subsidiary, each of which shall be substantially
               in the  form of  the pertinent  exhibit attached  hereto and
               duly  executed  by  the  Shareholders  of each  such  Pledge
               Subsidiary.

                   (ix)    Evidence that  all  necessary  governmental  and
               third party consents  and approvals  in connection with  the
               Restructuring have been  obtained and remain in  effect, and
               that all applicable waiting periods have expired without any
               action   being  taken  by   any  competent  authority  which
               restricts, prevents or imposes materially adverse conditions
               upon the  consummation of the  Restructuring as contemplated
               by the Restructuring Documents;


                                        - 44 -<PAGE>





                   (x)    True  copies  of   the  Restructuring  Documents,
               together with  true copies  of  each document,  certificate,
               governmental approval and  opinion referred to in  Article V
               of the Restructuring Agreement.

                   (xi)   The  Intercreditor Agreement,  duly executed  and
               delivered  by  the  Other  Banks  and the  Credit  Agreement
               Parties  (as defined  in  the  Intercreditor Agreement)  all
               parties thereto.

                   (xii)  A duly executed Assignment of Intercompany Note.

               (b) on  the  date  of such  Loans,  all Indebtedness  of the
          Parent  Guarantor  and  its  Subsidiaries  (other  than Permitted
          Indebtedness) shall have been (or shall simultaneously be) repaid
          and all commitments thereunder cancelled;  
           
               (c) on the date  of such Loans and  except as  may otherwise
          be permitted in the Loan Documents, the transactions contemplated
          by   the  Restructuring   Agreement  shall   have  been   validly
          consummated,  that  no waivers  have  been granted  in connection
          therewith unless  consented to by the  Agent, and that  all legal
          aspects thereof are reasonably satisfactory to the Agent; and

               (d) on  or prior  to the  date of  such Loans,  the Borrower
          shall have validly changed its name in accordance with Applicable
          Law from "A.L.  Restructuring Sub,  Inc." to "A.L.  Laboratories,
          Inc."

               6.2.      Conditions Precedent to  the Making of  Each Loan.
          The obligation  of  each Bank  to make  any  Loan, including  the
          initial  Loans,  shall  be  subject  to  the  further  conditions
          precedent that the following statements shall be true on the date
          of  the  making of  such  Loan, before  and  after giving  effect
          thereto and to the application of the proceeds therefrom (and the
          acceptance  by the Borrower  of the  proceeds of such  Loan shall
          constitute  a representation and warranty by the Borrower that on
          the date of such Loan such statements are true):

                   (i)   The  representations and  warranties contained  in
               Article VII hereof and in  Section 5 of the Parent  Guaranty
               (other than those stated to be made as of a particular date)
               are true and correct in  all material respects on and as  of
               such date as though made on and as of such date.

                   (ii)  No event has  occurred and is continuing, or would
               result  from  the Loans  being  made  on  such  date,  which
               constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.




                                        - 45 -<PAGE>





                                     ARTICLE VII

                            REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

               To induce  the Agent and Banks to enter into this Agreement,
          the Borrower represents and warrants  to the Agent and the  Banks
          as follows:

               7.1.      Corporate   Existence.      The   Borrower,    its
          Subsidiaries and  each other Loan Party (i) is a corporation duly
          incorporated,  validly   existing  and   in  good  standing   (in
          jurisdictions where good  standing is an applicable  concept) and
          all  fees and taxes  due or  owing to any  Governmental Authority
          have  been  paid)  under  the laws  of  the  jurisdiction  of its
          incorporation; (ii)  is duly qualified  and in good  standing (in
          jurisdictions where  due  qualification  and  good  standing  are
          applicable concepts) as a  foreign corporation under the  laws of
          each other  jurisdiction in which the failure so to qualify would
          have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) has all requisite corporate
          power  and  authority  to  conduct  its  business  as  now  being
          conducted and  as proposed to be conducted; (iv) is in compliance
          with its articles or certificate of incorporation and by-laws.

               7.2.      Corporate   Power;    Authorization;   Enforceable
          Obligations. (a) The  execution, delivery and performance  by the
          Borrower and each other Loan Party of this Agreement or any other
          Loan Document to which it is a party:

                   (i) are within its corporate powers;

                   (ii)   have  been  duly   authorized  by  all  necessary
               corporate action;

                   (iii)  do   not  (A)   contravene  its  certificate   of
               incorporation or by-laws, (B) violate  any law or regulation
               (including, without limitation, Regulations G, T, U or  X ),
               or  any  order  or  decree  of  any  court  or  governmental
               instrumentality, except  those as  to which  the failure  to
               comply  would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  (C)
               conflict with  or result in the  breach of, or  constitute a
               default under, any instrument, document or agreement binding
               upon and material to the Borrower or such Loan Party, or (D)
               result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than
               Permitted Liens) upon any  of the Property of  the Borrower,
               any of its Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party; and

                   (iv)   do  not  and will  not  require  any consent  of,
               authorization  by,  approval  of, notice  to,  or  filing or
               registration with,  any Governmental Authority  or any other
               consent or approval,  including any  consent or approval  of


                                        - 46 -<PAGE>





               any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any consent or approval of
               the stockholders of  the Borrower or  any Subsidiary of  the
               Borrower,  other  than  (A)  consents,  authorizations   and
               approvals that have been obtained, are final and not subject
               to review on appeal or to collateral attack, and are in full
               force and effect and, in the case of any such required under
               Applicable  Law as  in  effect on  the  Agreement Date,  are
               listed  on  Schedule  7.2(a)(iv), (B)  notices,  filings  or
               registrations that have been given or effected, and  (C) the
               filing of copies  of Loan Documents with the  Securities and
               Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public filings.


               (b) This  Agreement and  each other  Loan Document  has been
          duly executed and  delivered by each Loan  Party that is a  party
          hereto or thereto, and is the legal, valid and binding obligation
          of each such  Person, enforceable against  it in accordance  with
          its terms,  except  where  such  enforcement may  be  limited  by
          bankruptcy,  insolvency,  reorganization,  moratorium  or similar
          laws  relating  to  or  limiting  creditors rights  generally  or
          equitable principles relating to enforceability.

               7.3.      Taxes.  All federal, and all material state, local
          and foreign  tax returns, reports  and statements required  to be
          filed by the Borrower or any  of its Subsidiaries have been filed
          with  the appropriate governmental  agencies in all jurisdictions
          in which  such returns, reports and statements are required to be
          filed.  All  consolidated,  combined  or  unitary  returns  which
          include the Borrower or any  of its Subsidiaries have been  filed
          with the appropriate  governmental agencies in  all jurisdictions
          in which  such returns, reports and statements are required to be
          filed except  where  such filing  is being  contested  or may  be
          contested. All federal, and all material state, local and foreign
          taxes,  charges  and  other  impositions  of  the  Borrower,  its
          Subsidiaries or any consolidated, combined or unitary group which
          includes the  Borrower or any of  its Subsidiaries which  are due
          and payable have been timely paid prior to the date on  which any
          fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto
          for non-payment thereof except where  contested in good faith and
          by appropriate  proceedings  if adequate  reserves therefor  have
          been established  on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary
          in accordance with GAAP.   Proper and accurate amounts have  been
          withheld  by  or  on  behalf of  the  Borrower  and  each  of its
          Subsidiaries from their  respective employees for all  periods in
          full and  complete compliance with  the tax, social  security and
          unemployment withholding provisions of applicable federal, state,
          local and foreign law and such withholdings have been timely paid
          to  the   respective  governmental  agencies,  in   all  material
          respects. Neither  the Borrower nor any of its Tax Affiliates has
          agreed or has been requested to make any adjustment under Section


                                        - 47 -<PAGE>





          481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting  method or
          otherwise relating  to the  Borrower or  any of its  Subsidiaries
          which  will affect  a  taxable  year of  the  Borrower  or a  Tax
          Affiliate ending  after  December 31,  1993, which  has not  been
          reflected  in  the  financial  statements  delivered pursuant  to
          Section 8.8 and which would have a Material Adverse Effect.   The
          Borrower has  no obligation to any  Person other than  the Parent
          Guarantor and Subsidiaries of the Parent  Guarantor under any tax
          sharing agreement or other tax sharing arrangement.

               7.4.      Financial  Information.   (a) The  reports  of the
          Parent Guarantor  on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended December
          31, 1993 and on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarters ended March 31,
          1994  and  June  30,  1994, the  Proxy  Statement  of  the Parent
          Guarantor dated August  22, 1994, the report  on Form 8-K of  the
          Parent Guarantor dated August 4, 1994 and the report on Form 8K/A
          of the Parent Guarantor  dated as of  August 22, 1994 which  have
          been  furnished to  the  Agent and  each  Bank, are  respectively
          complete  and  correct  in  all  material  respects  as  of  such
          respective dates, and the financial  statements therein have been
          prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present the financial
          condition and results of operations  of the Parent Guarantor  and
          its   consolidated  Subsidiaries  as  of  such  respective  dates
          (subject, in the  case of such reports  on Form 10-Q,  to changes
          resulting from normal year-end adjustments).

               (b) Since  December  31, 1993  there  has  been no  Material
          Adverse Change or Material Credit Agreement Change.

               (c) None of  the Parent Guarantor  or any Subsidiary of  the
          Parent Guarantor had at June 30, 1994  any obligation, contingent
          liability, or liability for taxes or long-term leases material to
          the Parent  Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a whole which
          is not  reflected in the balance sheets referred to in subsection
          (a) above or in the notes thereto.

               7.5.      Litigation.   There are no pending, or to the best
          knowledge of the Borrower threatened,  actions, investigations or
          proceedings  against or  affecting  the Borrower  or  any of  its
          Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency  or arbitrator
          in which, individually or in the aggregate, there is a reasonable
          probability  of an  adverse decision  that could have  a Material
          Adverse Effect or result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

               7.6.      Margin Regulations.   The Borrower is not  engaged
          in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing
          or  carrying-Margin Stock, and no  proceeds of any Borrowing will
          be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit
          to others  for the purpose of  purchasing or carrying  any Margin
          Stock.


                                        - 48 -<PAGE>





               7.7.      ERISA. (a) No liability under Sections 4062, 4063,
          4064 or 4069 of ERISA has been or is expected  by the Borrower to
          be incurred by the Borrower  or any ERISA Affiliate with  respect
          to any Plan  which is a  Single-Employer Plan  in an amount  that
          could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (b) No   Plan  which  is   a  Single-Employer  Plan  had  an
          accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not  waived, as of the
          last day of  the most recent fiscal year of such Plan ended prior
          to the date hereof.  Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate
          is  (A)  required  to  give  security  to  any  Plan  which is  a
          Single-Employer Plan pursuant  to Section 401(a)(29) of  the Code
          or Section  307 of ERISA,  or (B) subject  to a Lien  in favor of
          such a Plan under Section 302(f) of ERISA.

               (c) Each Plan of the Borrower, each of  its Subsidiaries and
          each  of its ERISA  Affiliates is  in compliance in  all material
          respects with  the applicable provisions  of ERISA and  the Code,
          except  where  the failure  to  comply would  not  result in  any
          Material Adverse Effect.

               (d) Neither  the Borrower  nor any  of its  Subsidiaries has
          incurred  a tax  liability under  Section 4975 of  the Code  or a
          penalty under  Section 502(i)  of ERISA  in respect  of any  Plan
          which has not  been paid in full, except where  the incurrence of
          such  tax  or penalty  would  not result  in  a Material  Adverse
          Effect.

               (e) None of  the Borrower, any  of its  Subsidiaries or  any
          ERISA Affiliate has  incurred or reasonably expects  to incur any
          Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA as a result of a
          complete or partial  withdrawal from  a Multiemployer Plan  which
          will result in Withdrawal Liability  to the Borrower, any of  its
          Subsidiaries  or any  ERISA  Affiliate in  an  amount that  could
          reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

               7.8.      No  Defaults.  Neither the Borrower nor any of its
          Subsidiaries is in breach of or default under or  with respect to
          any instrument, document  or agreement binding upon  the Borrower
          or such Subsidiary which breach or default is reasonably probable
          to have a Material Adverse Effect or  result in the creation of a
          Lien on any Property of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries.

               7.9.      Investment Company  Act. The  Borrower  is not  an
          "investment company" or an "affiliated  person" of, or "promoter"
          or "principal underwriter" for, an  "investment company", as such
          terms are  defined  in the  Investment Company  Act  of 1940,  as
          amended. The making of the Loans by the Banks, the application of
          the  proceeds  and  repayment  thereof by  the  Borrower  and the
          consummation of  the transactions contemplated by  this Agreement


                                        - 49 -<PAGE>





          will  not  violate  any  provision  of  such  act  or  any  rule,
          regulation  or  order  issued  by  the  Securities  and  Exchange
          Commission thereunder.

               7.10.     Insurance.  All policies of  insurance of any kind
          or  nature  owned  by  the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  are
          maintained with reputable  insurers which to the  Borrower's best
          knowledge are financially sound. The Borrower currently maintains
          insurance with respect to its Properties and business  and causes
          its  Subsidiaries  to maintain  insurance  with respect  to their
          respective Properties and  business against loss or damage of the
          kinds customarily insured against by  corporations engaged in the
          same  or similar business  and similarly situated,  of such types
          and in  such amounts  as  are customarily  carried under  similar
          circumstances  by  such  other  corporations  including,  without
          limitation, worker's compensation insurance.

               7.11.     Environmental Protection.   (a) There are no known
          conditions or circumstances known to the Borrower associated with
          the  currently  or  previously  owned  or  leased  properties  or
          operations of the  Borrower or its Subsidiaries  or tenants which
          may  give rise to  any Environmental Liabilities  and Costs which
          would have a Material Adverse Effect; and

               (b) No  Environmental Lien  has attached to  any Property of
          the  Borrower  or any  of  its Subsidiaries  which  would have  a
          Material Adverse Effect.

               7.12.     Regulatory Matters.   Except  as disclosed  in the
          Parent Guarantor's Form 10-K for  the fiscal year ending December
          31, 1993, its  Report on Form 10-Q for the  fiscal quarter ending
          June 30, 1994, or in  its definitive Proxy Statement relating  to
          the   Restructuring  filed  with   the  Securities  and  Exchange
          Commission on August 22, 1994,  the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
          are to the  best of their knowledge in compliance with all rules,
          regulations  and  other   requirements  of  the  Food   and  Drug
          Administration  ("FDA")  and   other  regulatory  authorities  of
          jurisdictions in which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries do
          business or  operate manufacturing facilities,  including without
          limitation those relating to compliance by the  Borrower's or any
          such  Subsidiary's  manufacturing facilities  with  "Current Good
          Manufacturing Practices" as interpreted by the FDA, except to the
          extent any such  noncompliance would not have  a Material Adverse
          Effect.  Except  as so disclosed,  neither the FDA nor  any other
          such regulatory authority  has requested  (or, to the  Borrower's
          knowledge,  are considering  requesting) any  product  recalls or
          other enforcement actions.

               7.13.     Title  and  Liens. Each  of  the Borrower  and its
          Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to its real properties


                                        - 50 -<PAGE>





          and  owns or leases  all its  other material Properties,  in each
          case, as  shown on its most  recent quarterly balance  sheet, and
          none  of  such  Properties  is subject  to  any  Lien  except for
          Permitted Liens.

               7.14.     Compliance with Law.  Each of the Borrower and its
          Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Applicable Law, including,
          without  limitation, all  Environmental  Laws,  except where  any
          failure to comply with any such  laws would not, alone or in  the
          aggregate,  have a  Material Adverse  Effect  on the  business or
          financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as
          a whole,  or the  Borrower's ability  to perform  its obligations
          under the Loan Documents.

               7.15.     Trademarks,  Copyrights, Etc.    The Borrower  and
          each  of its  Subsidiaries  own or  have the  rights to  use such
          trademarks, service marks,  trade names, copyrights, licenses  or
          rights in  any thereof, as in  the aggregate are  adequate in the
          reasonable  judgment  of the  Borrower  for  the  conduct of  the
          business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as now conducted.

               7.16.     Disclosure.   All written information  relating to
          the Borrower, the  Parent Guarantor and  any of their  respective
          Subsidiaries which  has been  delivered by  or on  behalf of  the
          Borrower to  the Agent or the  Banks in connection with  the Loan
          Documents and all  financial and  other information furnished  to
          the  Agent  is true  and  correct in  all  material respects  and
          contains  no misstatement of  a fact of  a material nature.   Any
          financial projections and other information regarding anticipated
          future plans or developments contained therein was based upon the
          Borrower's best good faith estimates and assumptions  at the time
          they were prepared.

               7.17.     Existing  Indebtedness.    Schedule  5(l)  to  the
          Parent Guaranty is complete and correct in all material respects.

               7.18.     Subsidiaries.   (a) Schedule  5(m)  to the  Parent
          Guaranty sets forth all of  the Subsidiaries, their jurisdictions
          of incorporation  and the percentages  of the various  classes of
          their capital  stock  owned by  the Parent  Guarantor or  another
          Subsidiary of  the Parent Guarantor, (b) the  Parent Guarantor or
          another Subsidiary,  as the  case may  be,  has the  unrestricted
          right to vote, and (subject  to limitations imposed by Applicable
          Law or the Loan Documents) to receive dividends and dividends on,
          all capital  stock indicated  on such  Schedule as  owned by  the
          Parent  Guarantor or such  Subsidiary and (c)  such capital stock
          has  been  duly  authorized  and issued  and  is  fully  paid and
          nonassessable.




                                        - 51 -<PAGE>





               7.19.     Principal  Subsidiaries.    Schedule 5(n)  to  the
          Parent  Guaranty sets forth all  of the Principal Subsidiaries in
          existence as of the Agreement Date.



                                     ARTICLE VIII

                                AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

               As long  as any  of  the Loans  or any  other amounts  shall
          remain unpaid  or any Bank  shall have any  Commitment hereunder,
          unless  otherwise agreed by  the written consent  of the Majority
          Banks:

               8.1.      Compliance with  Laws, Etc.    The Borrower  shall
          comply, and  cause each  of its  Subsidiaries to  comply, in  all
          material   respects   with   all  Applicable   Law   except  such
          non-compliance as  would not  have a Material  Adverse Effect  or
          result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

               8.2.      Payment  of  Taxes,  Etc.   The  Borrower  and any
          consolidated,  combined  or  unitary  group  which  includes  the
          Borrower or  any of its Subsidiaries shall pay and discharge, and
          cause  each Subsidiary  of  the Borrower  to  pay and  discharge,
          before  the  same  shall become  delinquent,  all  lawful claims,
          Taxes,  assessments and  governmental  charges  or levies  except
          where contested in  good faith, by proper proceedings,  and where
          adequate reserves therefor  have been established on the books of
          the Borrower or such Subsidiary in accordance with GAAP.

               8.3.      Maintenance  of  Insurance.    The Borrower  shall
          maintain,  and  cause  each  of  its  Subsidiaries  to  maintain,
          insurance with  responsible and reputable insurance  companies or
          associations  in  such  amounts and  covering  such  risks as  is
          usually carried by  companies engaged  in similar businesses  and
          owning similar  properties in the same general areas in which the
          Borrower or such  Subsidiary operates.  The Borrower will furnish
          to  the  Agent  from time  to  time such  information  as  may be
          requested as to such insurance.

               8.4.      Preservation  of Corporate  Existence,  Etc.   The
          Borrower  shall preserve  and  maintain, and  cause  each of  its
          Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, their respective corporate
          existences; provided,  that this Section  8.4 shall not  apply at
          any time  with respect to the corporate existence of a Subsidiary
          of the Borrower in any case where the Parent Guarantor's Board of
          Directors  determines  in  good faith  that  such  termination of
          corporate  existence  is  in  the best  interests  of  the Parent
          Guarantor, the  Borrower and their respective  Subsidiaries taken


                                        - 52 -<PAGE>





          as  a whole and  where noncompliance  will not have  a Materially
          Adverse Effect on the Borrower  and its Subsidiaries or any  Loan
          Document (other  than a Loan  Document delivered by  a Subsidiary
          that  at  such  time  is no  longer  a  Principal  Subsidiary, as
          determined at such  time); provided,  further, that this  Section
          8.4 shall  be without prejudice to  the other provisions  of this
          Agreement and the Parent Guaranty.

               8.5.      Books and Access.   The Borrower shall,  and shall
          cause each  of its Subsidiaries to,  keep proper books  of record
          and accounts in  conformity with GAAP, and upon reasonable notice
          and at such reasonable times  during the usual business hours  as
          often as may  be reasonably requested, permit  representatives of
          the Agent, at its  own initiative or at the request  of any Bank,
          to make  inspections of  its Properties,  to  examine its  books,
          accounts and records and make copies and memoranda thereof and to
          discuss its affairs and  finances with its officers  or directors
          and independent public accountants.

               8.6.      Maintenance  of  Properties,  Etc.   The  Borrower
          shall maintain and  preserve, and cause each  of its Subsidiaries
          to  maintain  and preserve,  all  of their  respective Properties
          which are used or  useful in the conduct of its  business in good
          working order and  condition and, from time to time make or cause
          to be made  all appropriate  repairs, renewals and  replacements,
          except  where  the failure  to do  so would  not have  a Material
          Adverse Effect.

               8.7.      Application of  Proceeds.  The Borrower  shall use
          the proceeds of the Loans  (i) to refinance Indebtedness existing
          at the  date hereof  of the  Borrower under  the Existing  Credit
          Agreements, (ii)  to be made available to the Parent Guarantor to
          refinance certain  Indebtedness existing  at the  date hereof  of
          A.L.-Oslo under  the A.L.-Oslo Existing Credit  Agreements, (iii)
          to finance the costs associated with  the Restructuring, and (iv)
          for other general corporate purposes.

               8.8.      Financial Statements.  The Borrower shall furnish,
          or  shall cause to  be furnished,  to the Agent  (with sufficient
          copies to the Banks):

               (a) the  financial  statements   and  reports   required  by
          Sections 6(g) and (h) of the Parent Guaranty. 

               (b) together  with each delivery  of financial statements of
          the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries pursuant to clauses (a)
          above, and commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending December 31,
          1994, a certificate signed by  a Responsible Financial Officer of
          the Borrower  stating that (i) such officer is familiar with both
          this Agreement and  the business and  financial condition of  the


                                        - 53 -<PAGE>





          Borrower, (ii) that the representations  and warranties set forth
          in  Article  VII hereof  are  true and  correct  in all  material
          respects as though  such representations and warranties  had been
          made by the Borrower on and as  of the date thereof; and (iii) no
          Event of Default or Default has occurred and is  continuing or if
          an Event of  Default or Default has occurred  and is continuing a
          statement as to the nature  thereof, and whether or not  the same
          shall have been cured. 

               8.9.      Reporting   Requirements.    The   Borrower  shall
          furnish to the Agent for distribution to the Banks:

               (a) from  time to time as  the Agent may reasonably request,
          copies of such  statements, lists of Property,  accounts, reports
          or information  prepared by  or for  the Borrower  or within  the
          Borrower's control.   In addition, the Borrower  shall furnish to
          the  Agent for distribution  to the  Banks, within five  (5) days
          after  delivery  thereof to  the  Borrower's Board  of Directors,
          copies of budgets and forecasts  prepared by or for the  Borrower
          or within the Borrower's control;

               (b) promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days  after
          the Borrower,  any of  its  Subsidiaries or  any ERISA  Affiliate
          knows that  any ERISA Event has occurred (other than a Reportable
          Event  for  which notice  to  the  PBGC  is  waived),  a  written
          statement of  the chief  financial officer  or other  appropriate
          officer  of the  Borrower  describing such  ERISA  Event and  the
          action, if  any, which the Borrower,  any of its  Subsidiaries or
          any ERISA  Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, and a
          copy of  any notice  filed with  the PBGC  or the IRS  pertaining
          thereto;

               (c) promptly and in any  event within thirty (30) days after
          notice or knowledge thereof, notice  that the Borrower or any  of
          its  Subsidiaries  becomes  subject  to  the  tax  on  prohibited
          transactions imposed by Section 4975 of the Code, together with a
          copy of Form 5330;

               (d) promptly  after the commencement thereof,  notice of all
          actions, suits and  proceedings before any court  or governmental
          department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality,
          domestic or  foreign, against or affecting the Borrower or any of
          its Subsidiaries, in  which there is a  reasonable probability of
          an adverse decision which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

               (e) promptly  upon the  Borrower or any  of its Subsidiaries
          learning of (i) any Event of Default  or any Default, or (ii) any
          Material  Credit  Agreement  Change,  telephonic  or  telegraphic
          notice specifying the nature of such Event of Default, Default or
          Material  Credit  Agreement  Change,  including  the  anticipated


                                        - 54 -<PAGE>





          effect  thereof,  which  notice shall  be  promptly  confirmed in
          writing within five days;

               (f) promptly after the sending or filing thereof,  copies of
          all reports  which the  Borrower  sends to  its security  holders
          generally, and copies of all  reports and registration statements
          which the  Borrower or  any of  its Subsidiaries  files with  the
          Securities  and Exchange  Commission or  any national  securities
          exchange;

               (g) promptly upon, and in any event  within 30 days of,  the
          Borrower  or  any of  its  Subsidiaries learning  of  any of  the
          following:

                   (i) notice that any Property of  the Borrower or any  of
               its Subsidiaries  is  subject  to  any  Environmental  Liens
               individually or in the aggregate which would have a Material
               Adverse Effect;

                   (ii)  any proposed acquisition  of stock, assets or real
               estate, or  any proposed leasing  of Property, or  any other
               action by the Borrower or  any of its Subsidiaries in  which
               there is  a reasonable probability that the  Borrower or any
               of  its  Subsidiaries  would  be  subject  to  any  material
               Environmental Liabilities  and Costs, provided, that, in the
               event  of  any  such  proposed  acquisition  or  lease,  the
               Borrower must  furnish  to  the  Banks evidence  in  a  form
               acceptable to the  Banks that the proposed  acquisition will
               not have a Material Adverse Effect;

               (h) prior   to   the   effectiveness  thereof,   information
                   relating  to  any  proposed  change  in  the  accounting
                   treatment or  reporting  practices of  the Borrower  and
                   its   Subsidiaries  the   nature  or   scope  of   which
                   materially affects the  calculation of any  component of
                   any financial  covenant, standard  or term contained  in
                   this Agreement; 

               (i) prior to the  Borrower, or any of its  Subsidiaries, (i)
                   entering into any agreement relating to the sale of,  or
                   the granting of a Lien on,  assets having a fair  market
                   value  of  $10,000,000   or  more,  or   (ii)  incurring
                   Indebtedness  pursuant  to  a  single   transaction  the
                   aggregate  principal amount of  which is  $10,000,000 or
                   more,  the Borrower shall give the Agent 15 days' notice
                   of its intention to enter into such an agreement; and

               (j) from time to time, such other information  and materials
                   as  the  Agent  (or the  Banks  through  the Agent)  may
                   reasonably request.


                                        - 55 -<PAGE>





               8.10.     Acquisition Related Loan.  Where the proceeds of a
          Loan,  including the  initial Loans,  are to  be  made available,
          either directly or indirectly, to an Affiliate of the Borrower in
          connection with an acquisition of Equity or  assets, the Borrower
          shall,  within  15 Business  Days  of the  making  of such  Loan,
          deliver  to the  Agent (a)  an Acquisition Related  Guaranty duly
          executed by  such Affiliate (an  "Acquisition Related Guarantor")
          (which  shall be in addition to, and  not in substitution of, any
          Credit Support Document  previously delivered by  such Affiliate)
          or (b)  if  such Affiliate  is  incorporated outside  the  United
          States of  America,  a  Pledge Agreement  duly  executed  by  the
          Shareholders of such  Affiliate; provided  that Clause (b)  shall
          not  apply to any  Affiliate the stock  of which is  at that time
          already subject to a valid and binding Pledge Agreement.

               8.11.     Additional Credit Support Documents.  The Borrower
          shall deliver,  or shall cause to  be delivered, within  five (5)
          Business Days  of delivery to the Agent of a certificate pursuant
          to  Section 6(g)(v) of  the Parent  Guaranty, in respect  of each
          Principal Subsidiary disclosed  on the schedule attached  to such
          certificate (a) a Subsidiary Guaranty  duly executed by each such
          Principal Subsidiary or (b) if any such Principal Subsidiary is a
          Non-U.S.  Subsidiary,  a Pledge  Agreement  duly executed  by the
          Shareholders  of  such Non-U.S.  Subsidiary; provided,  that this
          Section 8.11  shall not apply to  any Principal Subsidiary  as to
          which  there  already  is  at  such  time  a  valid  and  binding
          Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement (as the case may be).

               8.12.    Delivery  of  Opinions.     Concurrently  with  the
          execution and delivery of any additional Credit Support Documents
          pursuant to  Sections  8.10 or  8.11 hereof,  the Borrower  shall
          deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, to  the Agent an opinion
          of counsel relating to such additional Credit Support Document in
          form and substance substantially similar to the opinions rendered
          in connection with comparable agreements on the Effective Date.


                                      ARTICLE IX

                                  NEGATIVE COVENANTS

               So  long as  any of  the Loans  or any  other amounts  shall
          remain unpaid  or any Bank  shall have any  Commitment hereunder,
          unless otherwise agreed  by the written  consent of the  Majority
          Banks:

               9.1.      Liens, Etc.   The Borrower shall not,  directly or
          indirectly, create  or  suffer to  exist, or  permit  any of  its
          Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien  upon or with
          respect to  any of its Properties, whether now owned or hereafter


                                        - 56 -<PAGE>





          acquired, or assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign,
          any right to  receive income, in each  case to secure  or provide
          for  the  payment  of  any Indebtedness  of  any  Person,  except
          Permitted Liens.

               9.2.      Mergers.     The  Borrower  shall  not   merge  or
          consolidate in any transaction in  which it is not the  surviving
          Person.  The Borrower shall not permit without the consent of the
          Majority Banks any of its Subsidiaries to merge or consolidate in
          any transaction  in which  such Subsidiary is  not the  surviving
          Person other than in mergers of any Subsidiary into the Borrower,
          the Parent  Guarantor or any other wholly owned Subsidiary of the
          Borrower or  the  Parent Guarantor  that is  incorporated in  the
          U.S.;  provided,  that  with  respect  to  mergers  in  which the
          surviving  entity is  not the  Borrower or the  Parent Guarantor,
          then the  Borrower shall cause such surviving entity to deliver a
          Subsidiary Guaranty if immediately after the merger the surviving
          entity is  a Principal Subsidiary (as determined at such time) in
          respect of  which there is not, at such  time, a valid, legal and
          binding  Subsidiary  Guaranty  or   Pledge  Agreement;  provided,
          further, that the  Majority Banks will not  unreasonably withhold
          their consent to a merger or other combination of A.L. Pharma A/S
          and New A.L. - Oslo.

               9.3.      Substantial  Asset Sale.  The Borrower  shall not,
          and  shall not permit  any of  its Subsidiaries to,  sell, lease,
          transfer or otherwise dispose of  all or any substantial part  of
          its  or   their  assets  (including  any  of  the  stock  of  the
          Scandinavian Principal  Companies owned  by it  or them),  except
          that this  Section  9.3 shall  not apply  to  any disposition  of
          assets  (a)  in the  ordinary  course  of  business  or  (b)  any
          disposition of assets (other than assets consisting of the  stock
          of the  Scandinavian Principal Companies  or assets owned  by the
          Scandinavian Principal Companies) (i) to the Borrower, the Parent
          Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary (in  respect of which there
          is in existence a legal, valid and binding Subsidiary Guaranty or
          Pledge  Agreement) or (ii) where the proceeds of such disposition
          (A) consist  solely of cash  or Cash Equivalents and  (B) the Net
          Cash Proceeds of  such disposition are first  applied towards the
          prepayment  of  any  Loans then  outstanding  in  accordance with
          Section 5.4(a); provided, that for purposes of this Section  9.3,
          any such  prepayment shall be effected on the next succeeding day
          on which an interest payment is due in respect of the  Loan being
          prepaid after consummation of the asset sale, and if such  day is
          not the last day of the Interest Period in respect of the Loan or
          Loans being prepaid, the Borrower shall continue to be liable for
          any costs or expenses pursuant to Section 12.4(c).

               9.4.      Transactions with Affiliates.   The Borrower shall
          not  engage in, and  will not permit  any of its  Subsidiaries to


                                        - 57 -<PAGE>





          engage in, any transaction with  an Affiliate of the Borrower  or
          of such Subsidiary other than transactions in the ordinary course
          of  business  between  a  Subsidiary  and  its  parent  or  among
          Subsidiaries of  the Borrower that are on terms no less favorable
          to the Borrower or such Subsidiaries than as would be obtained in
          a comparable arms-length transaction  and other than transactions
          contemplated   by,  and   effected   in  accordance   with,   the
          Restructuring Agreement.

               9.5.      Restrictions  on Indebtedness.   (a)  The Borrower
          shall not  incur, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to incur,
          Indebtedness  except  (subject  to  clause  (b) below)  Permitted
          Indebtedness.

               (b)   No Permitted Indebtedness  may be incurred  unless the
          Parent Guarantor  or the  Borrower shall  have complied  with the
          provisions of Section 7(f) of the Parent Guaranty.



                                      ARTICLE X

                                  EVENTS OF DEFAULT

               10.1.     Events of Default.  If any of the following events
          ("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

               (a) The Borrower or any other Loan  Party shall fail to  pay
          (i) any  principal  when due  in accordance  with  the terms  and
          provisions of  this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or (ii)
          any interest on any amounts  due hereunder or thereunder, or  any
          fee or any other amount  due hereunder or thereunder within  five
          Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or

               (b) Any  representation or  warranty made by  any Loan Party
          in this Agreement or any other Loan Document or by any Loan Party
          (or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement or any
          other  Loan Document shall  prove to  have been incorrect  in any
          material respect when made; or

               (c) The Borrower or any  other Loan  Party shall default  in
          the performance  or observance of any term, covenant condition or
          agreement contained in Section 8.9(e)  of the Credit Agreement or
          Section 6(h)(v) of the Parent Guaranty, respectively; or

               (d) Any  Loan Party  shall fail  to  perform or  observe any
          term, covenant or  agreement contained in  this Agreement or  any
          other  Loan  Document,  which  failure  or  change  shall  remain
          unremedied for (i) forty-five (45) days, in the case of the terms
          and covenants  contained in Section 8 of the Parent Guaranty, and


                                        - 58 -<PAGE>





          (ii)  thirty (30) days, in the case of all other terms, covenants
          or  agreements  not  otherwise specifically  dealt  with  in this
          Section 10.1, and in either case after the earlier of the date on
          which  (x) telephonic,  telefaxed or  telegraphic  notice thereof
          shall have  been given to  the Agent by the  Borrower pursuant to
          Section 8.9(e),  (y) written notice thereof shall have been given
          to  the Borrower by  the Agent or  (z) the Borrower  or any other
          Loan Party knows, or should have known, of such failure; or

               (e) The  Borrower,  the Parent  Guarantor  or  any of  their
          Subsidiaries shall  fail to pay any  principal of, or  premium or
          interest on, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower,
          the Parent Guarantor or such  Subsidiary, in an aggregate  amount
          of not less than $2,500,000 when the same becomes due and payable
          (whether   by    scheduled    maturity,   required    prepayment,
          acceleration,  demand  or otherwise);  or  any other  event shall
          occur or condition shall exist under  any agreement or instrument
          relating  to any  such  Indebtedness for  Borrowed Money,  if the
          effect of such event  or condition is to accelerate, or to permit
          the  acceleration of,  the maturity  of such  Indebtedness  or to
          terminate any commitment to lend;  or any such Indebtedness shall
          be  declared to  be due and  payable, or  required to  be prepaid
          (other than by a regularly  scheduled required prepayment), prior
          to the stated  maturity thereof and, with  respect to all  of the
          foregoing,  after  the  expiration  of the  earlier  of  (i)  any
          applicable grace period or the  giving of any required notice  or
          both and  (ii) a period  of 30 days  after such  Indebtedness for
          Borrowed Money first became due; or

               (f) Each of  the Borrower,  the Parent Guarantor  or any  of
          the Principal Subsidiaries shall generally  not pay its debts  as
          such debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to
          pay its debts generally, or  shall make a general assignment  for
          the benefit of creditors, or  any proceedings shall be instituted
          by or against  the Borrower, the Parent  Guarantor or any  of the
          Principal Subsidiaries  seeking to  adjudicate it  a bankrupt  or
          insolvent,  or seeking  liquidation, winding  up, reorganization,
          arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it
          or its  debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
          reorganization or relief of debtors,  or seeking the entry of  an
          order  for relief or  the appointment  of a receiver,  trustee or
          other  similar official  for it  or for  a material  part of  its
          Property  employed  in  its  business  or any  writ,  attachment,
          execution or  similar process shall be issued or levied against a
          material  part of the  Property employed  in the business  of the
          Borrower   or   the   Parent  Guarantor   and   their  respective
          Subsidiaries  taken as  a whole,  and, in  the case  of any  such
          proceedings  instituted  against  the   Borrower  or  the  Parent
          Guarantor  or  any   of  the  Principal  Subsidiaries   (but  not
          instituted  by   it),  either   such  proceedings   shall  remain


                                        - 59 -<PAGE>





          undismissed  or unstayed for  a period of  60 days or  any of the
          actions sought in  such proceedings shall occur; or the Borrower,
          the Parent Guarantor  or any of the  Principal Subsidiaries shall
          take  any corporate action  to authorize  any of the  actions set
          forth above in this subsection (f); or

               (g) Any order for  the payment of money  or judgment  of any
          court, not appealable or not  subject to certiorari or appeal  (a
          "Final Judgment"), which, with other outstanding Final Judgments,
          exceeds  an aggregate of $5,000,000 shall be rendered against the
          Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and, within 60 days
          after  entry thereof,  such Final  Judgment shall  not have  been
          discharged; or

               (h) (i) With respect to  any Plan, a final determination  is
          made that a prohibited transaction  within the meaning of Section
          4975 of the  Code or Section 406 of  ERISA occurred which results
          in  direct or  indirect liability of  the Borrower or  any of its
          Principal Subsidiaries, (ii)  with respect to any Title  IV Plan,
          the filing of a notice to  voluntarily terminate any such plan in
          a distress termination,  (iii) with respect to  any Multiemployer
          Plan, the Borrower, any of  its Principal Subsidiaries or any  of
          its  or  their  ERISA  Affiliates   shall  incur  any  Withdrawal
          Liability,  or  (iv)  with respect  to  any  Qualified  Plan, the
          Borrower, any  of its  Principal Subsidiaries  or any  of its  or
          their  ERISA  Affiliates  shall  incur  an   accumulated  funding
          deficiency or  request a funding  waiver from the  IRS; provided,
          however, that with respect to  the events listed in clauses  (i),
          (iii) and (iv) hereof  there shall be no Event of  Default if the
          liability of the  Borrower, the relevant Principal  Subsidiary or
          the  relevant  ERISA  Affiliate  is  satisfied  in   full  or  in
          accordance with the due dates therefor; or

               (i) This  Agreement or  any other Loan  Document shall cease
          to  be  valid  or  enforceable for  any  reason  in  any material
          respect;  provided,  that  in  the  case  of  the  invalidity  or
          unenforceability of a  Credit Support Document, such  event shall
          not constitute a Default if the Borrower shall have delivered, or
          caused to be delivered, within  15 days of learning or  receiving
          notice of such invalidity or unenforceability additional security
          or  credit  support in  form  and substance  satisfactory  to the
          Agent;

               (j) A Material Adverse Change shall occur;

          then, and in any such event, the Agent (i) shall at  the request,
          or may with the consent, of the  Majority Banks, by notice to the
          Borrower, declare the obligation of each Bank to make Loans to be
          terminated,  whereupon the  same  shall forthwith  terminate, and
          (ii) shall  at  the request,  or  may with  the  consent, of  the


                                        - 60 -<PAGE>





          Majority  Banks, by notice  to the Borrower,  declare all amounts
          due under this Agreement and all interest thereon to be forthwith
          due and payable,  whereupon all amounts due  under this Agreement
          and all such  interest and all such  amounts shall become and  be
          forthwith due and payable; provided, however, that upon an actual
          or deemed  entry  of an  order  for relief  with  respect to  the
          Borrower or  the Guarantor or  any of its  Principal Subsidiaries
          under the federal  Bankruptcy Code,  (A) the  obligation of  each
          Bank to  make Loans shall automatically be terminated and (B) all
          amounts due  under this Agreement and  all such interest  and all
          such  amounts shall  automatically  and  without  further  notice
          become  and be due and  payable. In addition  to the remedies set
          forth above, the Agent may  exercise any other remedies  provided
          for by this Agreement in accordance  with the terms hereof or any
          other remedies provided by applicable law.

                                      ARTICLE XI

                                      THE AGENT

               11.1.     Authorization  and   Action.   Each  Bank   hereby
          appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on
          its behalf  and to exercise such  powers under this  Agreement as
          are delegated  to such Agent by  the terms hereof,  together with
          such  powers as  are  reasonably incidental  thereto.  As to  any
          matters not expressly provided  for by this Agreement,  the Agent
          shall not  be required  to exercise  any discretion  or take  any
          action, but shall be  required to act  or to refrain from  acting
          (and  shall be fully  protected in  so acting or  refraining from
          acting)  upon the  instructions of  the Majority  Banks (or  when
          expressly   required   hereunder,  all   the  Banks),   and  such
          instructions shall be binding upon  all Banks; provided, however,
          that  the Agent  shall not be  required to  take any  action that
          exposes the  Agent to personal liability  or that is  contrary to
          this  Agreement or applicable  law. The  Agent agrees to  give to
          each  Bank prompt  notice  of  each notice  given  to  it by  the
          Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

               11.2.     The Agent's  Reliance, Etc. Neither the Agent, its
          Affiliates  nor  any  of  their  respective directors,  officers,
          agents or  employees  shall be  liable for  any  action taken  or
          omitted to be  taken by any of  them under or in  connection with
          this Agreement,  except for its  own gross negligence  or willful
          misconduct.   Without  limitation   of  the  generality   of  the
          foregoing,  (i)  the   Agent  may  consult  with   legal  counsel
          (including   counsel  to   the   Borrower),  independent   public
          accountants  and other experts  selected by  it and shall  not be
          liable for any  action taken or omitted to be taken in good faith
          by it  in accordance with the advice of such counsel, accountants
          or experts; (ii) the Agent makes no warranty or representation to


                                        - 61 -<PAGE>





          any Bank  and it  shall not be  responsible to  any Bank  for any
          statements,   warranties  or   representations  made  in   or  in
          connection with  this Agreement;  (iii) the  Agent shall  have no
          duty  to  ascertain or  to  inquire  as  to  the  performance  or
          observance of any of the  terms, covenants or conditions of  this
          Agreement  on  the  part  of  the  Borrower  or  to  inspect  the
          Properties (including  the books  and records)  of the  Borrower;
          (iv) the Agent shall  not be responsible to any Bank  for the due
          execution,  legality,   validity,  enforceability,   genuineness,
          sufficiency or value of this Agreement or any other instrument or
          document  furnished pursuant hereto; and  (v) the Agent not shall
          incur liability under or in  respect of this Agreement by  acting
          upon  any  notice, consent,  certificate  or other  instrument or
          writing (which may be by telegram, cable or telex) believed by it
          to be genuine and signed or sent by the proper party or parties.

               11.3.     Union Bank of Norway and Den norske Bank AS.  With
          respect to the Commitments of Union Bank of Norway and Den norske
          Bank AS respectively, and the Loans made by each of them, each of
          Union Bank of Norway  and Den norske Bank AS shall  have the same
          rights and powers under this Agreement as any  other Bank and may
          exercise the  same as though it were not  an Agent or Arranger or
          Co-Arranger, as the case  may be; and the term  "Bank" or "Banks"
          shall,  unless  otherwise expressly  indicated,  include  each of
          Union Bank of Norway and Den  norske Bank AS, in their individual
          capacities. Each of Union  Bank of Norway and Den norske  Bank AS
          and their Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to, act
          as trustee  under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind
          of business with, the Borrower,  any of its Subsidiaries and  any
          Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower
          or any such  Subsidiary, all as if  Union Bank of Norway  and Den
          norske Bank AS, as  the case may be, were not  an Agent, Arranger
          or Co-Arranger,  as the  case  may be,  and without  any duty  to
          account therefor to the Banks.

               11.4.     Bank Credit Decision.  Each Bank acknowledges that
          it  has, independently and  without reliance upon  the Agent, the
          Arranger or  Co-Arranger  or any  other Bank,  and  based on  the
          financial statements  referred to in  Article VII and  such other
          documents and information as it has deemed  appropriate, made its
          own credit analysis  and decision to  enter into this  Agreement.
          Each  Bank  also  acknowledges that  it  will,  independently and
          without reliance upon  the Agent, the Arranger  or Co-Arranger or
          any other Bank and based on such documents and information  as it
          shall deem  appropriate at  the time,  continue to  make its  own
          credit  decisions  in taking  or  not  taking  action under  this
          Agreement.

               11.5.     Determinations Under  Sections 6.1. and  6.2.  For
          purposes of determining compliance  with the conditions specified


                                        - 62 -<PAGE>





          in  Sections 6.1  and  6.2, each  Bank  shall be  deemed  to have
          consented to,  approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with each
          document or other  matter required thereunder to  be consented to
          or approved  by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Banks unless
          an  officer  of  the  Agent   responsible  for  the  transactions
          contemplated by this  Agreement shall  have received notice  from
          such  Bank  prior  to  the  applicable Borrowing  specifying  its
          objection  thereto   (unless  such  objection  shall   have  been
          withdrawn by  notice to  the Agent  to that  effect or  such Bank
          shall  have  made available  to  the  Agent  such Bank's  ratable
          portion of such Borrowing).

               11.6.     Indemnification.   Each  Bank agrees  to indemnify
          the  Agent  and  its respective  Affiliates,  and  its respective
          directors,  officers,  employees,  agents and  advisors  (to  the
          extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according to such
          Bank's Ratable Portion of  the Commitments, from and  against any
          and  all liabilities,  obligations,  losses, damages,  penalties,
          actions,  judgments,  suits,  costs,  expenses  or  disbursements
          (including, without  limitation, fees and disbursements  of legal
          counsel) of  any kind or nature  whatsoever which may  be imposed
          on, incurred by, or asserted against, any such Person in  any way
          relating  to or arising out of this Agreement or any action taken
          or  omitted by  any such  Person under this  Agreement; provided,
          however, that  no Bank shall  be liable  for any portion  of such
          liabilities, obligations,  losses,  damages, penalties,  actions,
          judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from
          any  such Person's gross negligence or willful misconduct or from
          any violation  or alleged  violation by  any such  Person or  any
          other Bank of  any law,  rule or regulation  or any guideline  or
          request from  any central  bank or  other Governmental  Authority
          (whether or not having the force of  law) or, with respect to the
          Agent, any  conflict or alleged  conflict between its  rights and
          duties in its capacity as such or as a Bank under  this Agreement
          and any other rights or duties it  may have in any other capacity
          in which  it may act in  connection with the consummation  of the
          transactions contemplated by this Agreement,  whether or not such
          Bank is a party to  such transactions. Without limitation of  the
          foregoing, each Bank agrees to reimburse any such Person promptly
          upon demand for its ratable  share of any out-of-pocket  expenses
          (including fees  and disbursements  of one  counsel) incurred  by
          such  Person  in  connection  with  the  preparation,  execution,
          delivery, administration, modification, amendment or  enforcement
          (whether through  negotiations, legal  proceedings or  otherwise)
          of,  or legal  advice  in respect  of rights  or responsibilities
          under, this  Agreement, to  the extent  that such  Person is  not
          reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.

               11.7.     Successor Agents.   Any  Agent may  resign at  any
          time  by  giving written  notice  thereof to  the  Banks and  the


                                        - 63 -<PAGE>





          Borrower and  may  be  removed at  any  time with  cause  by  the
          Majority  Banks.  Upon  any  such  resignation  or  removal,  the
          Majority  Banks shall have  the right  to appoint a  successor to
          such Agent. If  no successor  to such  Agent shall  have been  so
          appointed  by the  Majority Banks, and  shall have  accepted such
          appointment, within  30 days after the retiring Agent's giving of
          notice  of resignation  or  the Majority  Banks  removal of  such
          retiring Agent,  then such retiring Agent on behalf of the Banks,
          shall appoint a successor Agent (which successor Agent shall be a
          Bank  or another commercial  bank organized  under the laws  of a
          member nation of  the Organization  for Economic Cooperation  and
          Development and having a combined capital and surplus of at least
          $100,000,000). Upon the acceptance of any appointment as an Agent
          hereunder  by  any successor  Agent,  such successor  Agent shall
          thereupon  succeed to  and  become vested  with  all the  rights,
          powers, privileges  and duties  of the  retiring Agent,  and such
          retiring  Agent  shall   be  discharged   from  its  duties   and
          obligations  under  this  Agreement. After  any  retiring Agent's
          resignation or removal hereunder, the  provisions of this Article
          XI shall inure to its benefit as  to any actions taken or omitted
          to be taken by it while it was Agent.

               11.8.     Notices  and  Forwarding  of  Documents to  Banks.
          Promptly upon receipt of the same, the Agent shall furnish to the
          Banks  copies of all  notices received  from the Borrower  or any
          other Loan Party.


                                     ARTICLE XII

                                    MISCELLANEOUS

               12.1.     Amendments, Etc.   No amendment  or waiver of  any
          provision  of this  Agreement  or any  other  Loan Document,  nor
          consent to  any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in any
          event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed
          by the Majority Banks,  and then such waiver or consent  shall be
          effective  only in  the specific  instance and  for  the specific
          purpose for which  given; provided,  however, that no  amendment,
          waiver or  consent shall,  unless in  writing signed  by all  the
          Banks  and  consented to  by  all of  the  Banks, do  any  of the
          following: (a) waive any  of the conditions specified in  Section
          6.1 or 6.2; (b) increase the Commitments of  the Banks or subject
          the Banks to any additional obligations; (c) change the principal
          of, or decrease the interest on, any amounts payable hereunder or
          reduce the  amount of  any Commitment  Fee payable  to the  Banks
          hereunder; (d) postpone  any date fixed for any scheduled payment
          of any Commitment Fee, or  scheduled payment of principal of,  or
          interest  on,  any  amounts, payable  hereunder;  (e)  change the
          definition  of  Majority  Banks; (f)  terminate,  or  release the


                                        - 64 -<PAGE>





          Parent Guarantor from its obligations  under, the Parent Guaranty
          or (g) amend  this Section 12.1;  and provided further,  however,
          that no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing and
          signed by the Agent in addition to  the Persons required above to
          take such action, affect the rights or duties of  the Agent under
          this Agreement.

               12.2.     Notices,  Etc.    Except as  otherwise  set  forth
          herein,   all  notices  and  other  communications  provided  for
          hereunder  shall  be in  writing  (including  telegraphic, telex,
          telecopy  or  cable   communication)  and  mailed,   telegraphed,
          telexed, telecopied, cabled or delivered by hand, 

               (i) if to the Borrower, at:

                   A.L. Laboratories, Inc.
                   c/o A.L. Pharma Inc.
                   One Executive Drive
                   P.O. Box 1399
                   Fort Lee, NJ 07024
                   Attn:      Albert Marchio
                         Treasurer
                   Telephone:  (201) 947-7774
                   Telefax:    (201) 947-5541

                         and to:

                         Beth P. Hecht, Esq. 
                         Corporate Counsel

                   Telephone:  (201) 947-7774
                   Telecopy:   (201) 592-1481


               (ii)      if to the Agent, at:

                   Union Bank of Norway
                   Loan Administration
                   P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
                   N-0107 Oslo
                   Telephone: 011-47-22-31-90-50
                   Telecopy:  011-47-22-31-85-58

               (iii)     if to any Bank, at its Lending Office specified on
                         the signature pages  hereof, and  if to any  other
                         lender  that becomes  a  "Bank",  at  its  Lending
                         Office  specified in the  Notice of Assignment and
                         Acceptance by which it became a Bank;




                                        - 65 -<PAGE>





          or, as  to the  Borrower, any Bank  or the  Agent, at  such other
          address as shall  be designated by such party in a written notice
          to the other parties and, as  to each other party, at such  other
          address as shall be designated by such  party in a written notice
          to  the   Borrower  and   the   Agent.  All   such  notices   and
          communications   shall,   when   mailed,   telegraphed,  telexed,
          telecopied, cabled or  delivered, be effective when  deposited in
          the mails, delivered to the telegraph company, confirmed by telex
          answerback, telecopied with confirmation of receipt, delivered to
          the   cable   company,  delivered   by  overnight   courier  with
          confirmation of receipt  or delivered by hand to the addressee,or
          its  agent, respectively, except  that notices and communications
          to the Agent pursuant to Articles II, III, IV or XI shall not  be
          effective until received by the Agent.

               12.3.     No Waiver;  Remedies.  No  failure on the  part of
          any Bank or the  Agent to exercise,  and no delay in  exercising,
          any right  hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall
          any  single or partial  exercise of  any such right  preclude any
          other or  further exercise thereof or  the exercise of  any other
          right.   The  remedies  herein provided  are  cumulative and  not
          exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

               12.4.     Costs; Expenses;  Indemnities.   (a) The  Borrower
          agrees to  pay on  demand all  reasonable costs  and expenses  in
          connection    with   the   preparation,    execution,   delivery,
          administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the
          other  Loan Documents  and the  other  documents to  be delivered
          hereunder  or  thereunder,  including,  without  limitation,  the
          specified reasonable fees  and out-of-pocket expenses  of counsel
          to the Agent  with respect thereto (such fees and  expenses to be
          payable on the Effective Date)  and with respect to advising  the
          Agent  as  to  their  rights   and  responsibilities  under  this
          Agreement,  and all costs and expenses of the Agent and the Banks
          (including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  counsel  fees  and
          expenses)  in connection  with the  enforcement (whether  through
          negotiations,  legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement,
          the other  Loan Documents and the other documents to be delivered
          hereunder and thereunder.

               (b) The  Borrower  agrees  to  defend,  indemnify  and  hold
          harmless each of the Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger and the
          Banks  and  their  respective  affiliates  and  their  respective
          directors, officers, attorneys, agents, employees, successors and
          assigns (each, an "Indemnified Person") from and against  any and
          all  liabilities,   obligations,   losses,  damages,   penalties,
          actions,   claims,   judgments,   suits,   costs,  expenses   and
          disbursements  of  any  kind  or  nature  whatsoever  (including,
          without  limitation,  fees and  disbursements  of counsel  of the
          Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger  or the Banks) which may  be


                                        - 66 -<PAGE>





          incurred  by  or  asserted  or  awarded against  any  Indemnified
          Person, in each  case arising in any  manner of or  in connection
          with  or  by  reason  of  the  Restructuring,  the  Restructuring
          Agreement,  this  Agreement,  the   other  Loan  Documents,   the
          Commitments or any  undertakings in connection therewith,  or the
          proposed or  actual application of the proceeds of the Loans (all
          of the foregoing collectively, the "Indemnified Liabilities") and
          will reimburse each Indemnified Person on a current basis for all
          properly documented expenses  (including outside counsel  fees as
          they   are   incurred   by  such   party)   in   connection  with
          investigating, preparing or  defending any such action,  claim or
          suit, whether  or not  in connection  with pending  or threatened
          litigation  irrespective of  whether such  Indemnified Person  is
          designated a party thereto; provided that the Borrower shall  not
          have  any  liability  hereunder to  any  Indemnified  Person with
          respect  to  Indemnified Liabilities  which  are determined  by a
          court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen primarily from the
          gross  negligence  or  willful  misconduct  of  such  Indemnified
          Person; and provided further, that if the Borrower has determined
          in good faith  that such  Indemnified Liabilities were  primarily
          the  result  of  such Indemnified  Person's  gross  negligence or
          willful  misconduct,  it  shall  not  be  obligated to  pay  such
          Indemnified Liabilities until  a court of  competent jurisdiction
          has determined whether  such Indemnified Person acted  with gross
          negligence or willful misconduct. If for any reason the foregoing
          indemnification  is  unavailable  to  an  Indemnified  Person  or
          insufficient to  hold an  Indemnified Person  harmless, then  the
          Borrower shall contribute to the  amount paid or payable by  such
          Indemnified Person as  a result of  any Indemnified Liability  in
          such  proportion  as  is  appropriate to  reflect  not  only  the
          relative  benefits received by  the Borrower  and the  Agent, the
          Arranger, the Co-Arranger  and each Bank,  but also the  relative
          fault  of  the Borrower  and  the Agent,  the  Arranger, the  Co-
          Arranger and each Bank, as  well as any other relevant  equitable
          considerations. The foregoing  indemnity shall be in  addition to
          any rights that any Indemnified Person  may have at common law or
          otherwise,  including,  but   not  limited   to,  any  right   to
          contribution.

               (c) If any  Loans are  Consolidated or if  any Bank receives
          any payment of principal  of any Loan other than on  the last day
          of an Interest Period relating to  such Loan, as a result of  any
          payment made by the Borrower  or acceleration of the maturity  of
          the amounts  due under this Agreement pursuant to Section 11.1 or
          for  any other reason,  the Borrower  shall, upon demand  by such
          Bank (with a copy of such demand to the  Agent), pay to the Agent
          for the account of such  Bank any amounts required to  compensate
          such Bank for any additional  losses, costs or expenses which  it
          may  reasonably   incur   as  a   result  of   such  payment   or
          Consolidation, including,  without limitation, any loss,  cost or


                                        - 67 -<PAGE>





          expense  incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of
          deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank to fund or maintain
          such Loan. The foregoing obligations of the Borrower contained in
          paragraphs  (a),  (b)  and  (c) of  this  Section  12.4,  and the
          obligations of the Borrower contained in Sections 5.6(b), 5.8 and
          5.9, shall survive the payment of the Loans.

               12.5.     Right of  Set-off.   Upon (i)  the occurrence  and
          during the  continuance  of any  Event of  Default  and (ii)  the
          making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by
          Section 10.1  to authorize the Agent to declare all amounts under
          this  Agreement due  and payable  pursuant to  the provisions  of
          Section  10.1  or  the  automatic  acceleration of  such  amounts
          pursuant to  the proviso  to that  Section, each  Bank is  hereby
          authorized at any  time and  from time  to time,  to the  fullest
          extent  permitted by  law,  to set  off  and  apply any  and  all
          deposits  (general  or special,  time  or demand,  provisional or
          final) at  any time held and other indebtedness at any time owing
          by such Bank to  or for the credit or the account of the Borrower
          against any  and all of  the obligations  of the Borrower  now or
          hereafter existing  under this Agreement  irrespective of whether
          or not such Bank shall have made any demand under  this Agreement
          and although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Bank  agrees
          promptly  to  notify  the Borrower  after  any  such  set-off and
          application  made  by  such  Bank;  provided, however,  that  the
          failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
          set-off  and application.  The  rights of  each  Bank under  this
          Section  12.5 are in  addition to  any other rights  and remedies
          (including,  without limitation,  any  other  rights of  set-off)
          which such Bank may have.

               12.6.     Binding  Effect.    This  Agreement  shall  become
          effective when it shall have  been executed by the Borrower,  the
          Agent, the  Arranger, the  Co-Arranger and  when the  Agent shall
          have  been notified  by each  of  the Banks  that  such Bank  has
          executed it and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the
          benefit of the Borrower, the Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger
          and  each  of the  Banks  and  their  respective  successors  and
          assigns, except  that (i)  the Borrower  shall have  no right  to
          assign  its rights hereunder  or any interest  herein without the
          prior written consent  of the  Banks and (ii)  no Bank may  sell,
          transfer,  assign, pledge  or grant  participation in any  of its
          Loans  or any of  its rights  or obligations hereunder  except in
          accordance with Section 12.7 or as expressly required hereunder.

               12.7.     Assignments and  Participation; Additional  Banks.
          (a) Any  Bank may, at  any time,  by notice substantially  in the
          form of  Exhibit  K hereto  (each, a  "Notice  of Assignment  and
          Acceptance")  delivered  to  the  Agent  for its  acceptance  and
          recording, together with a recording fee in the amount of $1,500,


                                        - 68 -<PAGE>





          assign all or any part of its rights and obligations and delegate
          its  duties under  this Agreement  (A) to  any other Bank  or any
          affiliate of any Bank which  actually controls, is controlled by,
          or  is  under common  control with  such Bank  or to  any Federal
          Reserve Bank (in either case without limitation as to amount), or
          (B) with the  prior consent of the Borrower,  to any other Person
          (but if in part, in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 or,  if less,
          the balance of such Bank's  Tranche A Term Commitment, Tranche  B
          Term Commitment  and the  Revolving  Loan Commitment);  provided,
          however, that  no Bank may make any such assignment or delegation
          of any of its rights or duties under this Agreement until the one
          hundredth day after the Effective Date (or such other date as may
          be agreed by the Agent and the Banks), except to any affiliate of
          such Bank  which actually controls, is controlled by, or is under
          common control with such Bank or to any Federal Reserve Bank; and
          provided, further, that after any  such assignment, the assigning
          Bank's aggregate  Commitments hereunder  shall not  be less  than
          $10,000,000.

               (b) Any Bank may  at any time sell  or grant  participations
          in its Commitment, or the obligations owing to or from any Person
          existing under  this Agreement;  provided, however,  that (i)  as
          between  such  Bank  and  the  Borrower,  the  existence  of such
          participation  shall not  give  rise  to  any  direct  rights  or
          obligations between the Borrower and  the participants; (ii) such
          Bank shall remain solely responsible to  the other parties hereto
          for the performance of such obligations; (iii) the  Borrower, the
          Agent and  the  other Banks  shall continue  to  deal solely  and
          directly with such Bank in connection with such Bank's rights and
          obligations under  this Agreement; and (iv) no such sale or grant
          of  a participation shall,  without the consent  of the Borrower,
          require the Borrower  to file a  registration statement with  the
          Securities  and  Exchange  Commission  or  apply to  qualify  the
          Commitments or the Loans under the securities laws of any state.

               (c) If an assignment is made  by any Bank in accordance with
          the  provisions  of  paragraph  (a)  above, upon  acceptance  and
          recording  by  the Agent,  and  approval by  the  Borrower, where
          applicable, of each Notice of  Assignment and Acceptance, (i) the
          assignee  thereunder shall become  a party to  this Agreement and
          the Borrower shall release and discharge the assigning Bank  from
          its duties, liabilities  or obligations  under this Agreement  to
          the extent the same are  so assigned and delegated by such  Bank,
          provided that no  such consent, release  or discharge shall  have
          effect until  the Borrower shall  have received a  fully executed
          copy of  the Notice of Assignment and Acceptance relating to such
          assignment and (ii) Schedule II  shall be deemed amended to  give
          effect to  such assignment.  The Borrower  agrees that  each such
          disposition will give rise to a direct obligation of the Borrower
          to  any  such  assignee.    The  Borrower  agrees  that, promptly


                                        - 69 -<PAGE>





          following  any such assignment, it shall deliver upon delivery of
          the applicable outstanding  Notes or Notes for cancellation a new
          Note or Notes  to the assignee and a replacement Note or Notes to
          the transferor, in amounts properly reflecting such assignment.

               (d) The  Borrower authorizes  each Bank  to disclose  to any
          prospective  assignee   or  participant  and   any  assignee   or
          participant  any  and all  financial  information in  such Bank's
          possession  concerning the Borrower and this Agreement; provided,
          however,  that, prior  to any  such  disclosure, the  assignee or
          participant or proposed  assignee or  participant shall agree  to
          preserve the  confidentiality  of  any  confidential  information
          relating  to  the  Borrower  received by  it  from  such  Bank in
          accordance with Section 12.11.

               (e) Any  Bank  which sells  or grants  participation  in any
          Loans  or its Commitment  may not  grant to the  participants the
          right  to  vote  other  than  on amendments,  consents,  waivers,
          modifications or other actions which  change the principal amount
          of, postpone the  scheduled maturity of, or decrease the interest
          rates applicable  to, any Loans under, or increase the amount of,
          such Commitment (except with  respect to participating Affiliates
          actually controlled by, controlling or under common control with,
          such Bank); provided, however, that  as between the Bank and  the
          Borrower, only the Bank shall be entitled to cast such votes.

               (f) No  participant  in any  Bank's  rights  or  obligations
          shall  be entitled to  receive any greater  payment under Section
          5.6, 5.8  or 5.9  than  such Bank  would  have been  entitled  to
          receive  with  respect   to  the  rights  participated,   and  no
          participation shall be sold or granted  to any Person as to which
          the events  specified in Section 5.7  have occurred on  or before
          the date of participation.

               (g) The Agent shall maintain  at its address referred to  in
          Section 12.2 a copy of  each Notice of Assignment and  Acceptance
          received by  it  and a  register, containing  the  terms of  each
          Notice  of Assignment and Acceptance,  for the recordation of the
          names and  addresses  of each  Bank and  the  Commitment of,  and
          principal amount  of the Loans owing  to, each Bank  from time to
          time  (the  "Register"). The  entries  in the  Register  shall be
          conclusive and binding  for all purposes, absent  manifest error,
          and the Borrower, the Banks, and the Agent  may treat each Person
          whose name is  recorded in the  Register as a Bank  hereunder for
          all  purposes of this Agreement. The  Register shall be available
          for inspection  by the Borrower, or  any Bank, at  any reasonable
          time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

               12.8.     Pari  Passu  Ranking.    The  Obligations  of  the
          Borrower  hereunder shall rank  at least  pari passu in  right of


                                        - 70 -<PAGE>





          payment and  in  liquidation with  all  of the  Borrower's  other
          unsecured and unsubordinated obligations.

               12.9.     GOVERNING LAW;  SEVERABILITY.  THIS  AGREEMENT AND
          THE  RIGHTS  AND  OBLIGATIONS  OF  THE  PARTIES  HERETO  SHALL BE
          GOVERNED BY,  AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH, THE LAWS  OF THE
          STATE  OF NEW  YORK. WHEREVER  POSSIBLE, EACH  PROVISION OF  THIS
          AGREEMENT SHALL  BE INTERPRETED IN SUCH MANNER AS TO BE EFFECTIVE
          AND VALID  UNDER APPLICABLE  LAW, BUT  IF ANY  PROVISION OF  THIS
          AGREEMENT SHALL BE PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW,
          SUCH  PROVISION  SHALL BE  INEFFECTIVE  TO  THE  EXTENT  OF  SUCH
          PROHIBITION OR INVALIDITY, WITHOUT INVALIDATING THE  REMAINDER OF
          SUCH PROVISION OR THE REMAINING PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

               12.10.    SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

               (a) ANY  LEGAL  ACTION OR  PROCEEDING WITH  RESPECT  TO THIS
          AGREEMENT OR  ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO  MAY BE BROUGHT  IN THE
          COURTS  OF THE  STATE OF  NEW  YORK OR  OF THE  UNITED  STATES OF
          AMERICA FOR  THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION
          AND DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT,  EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE  AGENT
          AND THE BANKS  HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR  ITSELF AND IN  RESPECT OF  ITS
          PROPERTIES, GENERALLY  AND UNCONDITIONALLY,  THE JURISDICTION  OF
          THE AFORESAID COURTS. THE PARTIES HERETO HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVE
          ANY OBJECTION,  INCLUDING, WITHOUT  LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION  TO
          THE  LAYING  OF  VENUE OR  BASED  ON  THE  GROUNDS  OF FORUM  NON
          CONVENIENS, WHICH  ANY OF THEM  MAY NOW OR HEREAFTER  HAVE TO THE
          BRINGING  OF ANY  SUCH ACTION  OR  PROCEEDING IN  SUCH RESPECTIVE
          JURISDICTIONS.

               (b) Each   of  the   Borrower,  the  Agent   and  the  Banks
          irrevocably consents  to the  service of  process of  any of  the
          aforementioned  courts in  any such  action or proceeding  by the
          mailing  of  copies  thereof  by  registered or  certified  mail,
          postage prepaid, to  the Borrower  at its  address specified  for
          notices in  or pursuant to Section  12.2 hereof, to the  Agent at
          Watson, Farley  &  Williams, 380  Madison  Avenue, New  York,  NY
          10017; and to the Banks as set  forth on Schedule I, such service
          to become effective 30 days after such mailing.

               (c) Nothing contained in this Section 12.9 shall  affect the
          right  of the  Agent or any  Bank to  serve process in  any other
          manner  permitted  by  law  or   commence  legal  proceedings  or
          otherwise proceed against the Borrower or any other Loan Party in
          any other jurisdiction.

               (d) Each of the parties hereto  waives any right it may have
          to trial by jury in any proceeding arising out of this Agreement.




                                        - 71 -<PAGE>





               12.11. Confidentiality.   Each Bank and the Agent  agrees to
          keep confidential information obtained by  it pursuant hereto (or
          otherwise  obtained  from the  Borrower  in connection  with this
          Agreement)   confidential  in   accordance  with   such  Person's
          customary  practices  and  agrees  that  it  will  only  use such
          information in  connection with the transactions  contemplated by
          this Agreement  and not  disclose any  of such  information other
          than (i) to such Person's employees, counsel, representatives and
          agents who are  or are expected to be involved  in the evaluation
          of  such  information   in  connection   with  the   transactions
          contemplated by  this Agreement and who in  each case agree to be
          bound by the provisions of this sentence, (ii) to the extent that
          disclosure by such Person is required, or to the extent that such
          Person has  been advised by counsel that  disclosure is required,
          in order to comply with any law,  regulation or judicial order or
          requested or  required by  bank regulators  or auditors  or other
          Governmental Authority, (iii) to assignees or participants of the
          Loans or Commitments  or potential  assignees or participants  of
          the Loans or Commitments who in each case agree in writing  to be
          bound by  the provisions of this  sentence or (iv) to  the extent
          that such information has otherwise been disclosed or made public
          other than by such Person,  or such Person's employees,  counsel,
          representatives or agents, in violation of this Section 12.10.

               12.12. Section Titles. The Section  titles contained in this
          Agreement are and shall be without substantive meaning or content
          of  any kind  whatsoever  and are  not  a part  of the  agreement
          between the parties hereto.

               12.13. Execution  in Counterparts.   This  Agreement may  be
          executed in any number of  counterparts and by different  Parties
          hereto in  separate counterparts, each of which  when so executed
          shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
          shall constitute one and the same agreement.


















                                        - 72 -<PAGE>






               IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the  parties  hereto have  caused this
          Credit Agreement to  be duly executed as of the  date first above
          written.

                                   A.L.   RESTRUCTURING   SUB,   INC.,   as
                                   Borrower



                                   By /s/ E.W. Sissener                    

                                      Name:  E.W. Sissener
                                      Title: Chariman & C.E.O.

                                   UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent 



                                   By /s/ Terje D. Skullerud               

                                      Name:  Terje D. Skullerud
                                      Title: General Manager

                                   UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Arranger 



                                   By /s/ Terje D. Skullerud               
                                      Name:  Terje D. Skullerud
                                      Title: General Manager

                                   UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Bank 



                                   By /s/ Kjell O. Kran                   
                                      Name:  Kjell O. Kran
                                      Title: President and CEO

                                   THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON



                                   By /s/ J. Peter Mitchell              
                                      Name:  J. Peter Mitchell
                                      Title: Director





                                        - 73 -<PAGE>

























































                                        - 74 -<PAGE>






                                   BIKUBEN A/S



                                   By /s/ Jorn Christiansen             
                                      Name:  Jorn Christiansen
                                      Title: Vice President

                                   CORESTATES BANK, N.A.



                                   By /s/ Stephen E. Stambaugh           
                                      Name:  Stephen E. Stambaugh
                                      Title: Vice President

                                   THE DAIWA BANK, LIMITED



                                   By /s/ Ronald W. Gale                
                                      Name:  Ronald W. Gale
                                      Title: Vice President 


                                   By /s/ B.W. Henry                   
                                      Name:  B.W. Henry
                                      Title: V.P. and Manager

                                   DEN NORSKE BANK AS, as Co-Arranger 



                                   By /s/ Jon A. Jacobsen             
                                      Name:  Jon A. Jacobsen
                                      Title: Senior Vice President

                                   DEN NORSKE BANK AS, as Bank 



                                   By /s/ Jon A. Jacobsen            
                                      Name:  Jon A. Jacobsen
                                      Title: Senior Vice President




                                   UNIBANK A/S


                                        - 75 -<PAGE>







                                   By /s/ Anders Laegrid  /s/ Sven Hove
                                      Name:  Anders Laegrid   Sven Hove
                                      Title:  Attorney-in-Fact Attorney-in-
                                   Fact

                                   UNITED JERSEY BANK



                                   By /s/ James F. Deutsch            
                                      Name:  James F. Deutsch
                                      Title: Senior Vice President





          Agreement Date:  September 28, 1994
































                                        - 76 -<PAGE>





                                                                 Schedule I



          BIKUBEN A/S                Lending Office:

                                     Sparekassen Bikuben A/S           
                                     8, Silkegade                      
                                     DK-1113 Copenhagen K 
                                     Denmark     
                                     Attn:  Klaus L. Svendsen
                                     Telephone:    +45-3312-2174
                                     Telecopier:   +45-3315-0143

                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     Sparekassen Bikuben A/S           
                                     8, Silkegade                      
                                     DK-1113 Copenhagen K 
                                     Denmark

                                     C o n t a c t        f o r       a l l
          operational/administrative matters:
                                     Treasury and International Division
                                     Loans Administration
                                     Attn: Jean-Pierre Leuleu/Elin Haastrup

                                     Telephone:    +45-3312-0133       ext.
          4960/4964
                                     Telecopier:   +45-3332-1697

                                     Contact    for    all    credit    and
          documentation matters:
                                     Treasury and International Division
                                     International Capital Markets
                                     Attn:  Klaus L. Svendsen
                                     Telephone:    +45-3312-2174
                                     Telecopier:   +45-3315-0143

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     Watson, Farley & Williams
                                     380 Madison Avenue, 19th Floor
                                     New York, New York  10017
                                     Attn:  Peter S. Smedresman, Esq.
                                     Telephone:    212-922-2200
                                     Telecopier:   212-922-1512





                                        - 77 -<PAGE>







          CORESTATES BANK, N.A.         Lending Office:

                                     CoreStates Bank, N.A. 
                                     1345 Chestnut Street 
                                     P.O. Box 7618 
                                     F.C. 1-8-3-18
                                     Philadelphia, PA 19101
                                     Attn: Foreign Corporate Department
                                           Stephen E. Stambaugh, V.P.
                                     Telephone:    215-973-3791
                                     Telecopier:   215-973-6894


                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     CoreStates Bank, N.A. 
                                     1345 Chestnut Street 
                                     P.O. Box 7618 
                                     F.C. 1-8-3-18
                                     Philadelphia, PA 19101
                                     Attn: Foreign Corporate Department
                                           Stephen E. Stambaugh, V.P.
                                     Telephone:    215-973-3791
                                     Telecopier:   215-973-6894

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     CoreStates Bank, N.A.  
                                     Legal Department 
                                     F. C. 1-1-17-1
                                     Broad & Chestnut Streets
                                     P.O. Box 7618
                                     Philadelphia, PA 19101


          THE DAIWA BANK, LIMITED       Lending Office:

                                     The Daiwa Bank, Ltd. Chicago Branch
                                     Administration Center 
                                     233 South Wacker Drive, Suite 4500
                                     Chicago, IL 60606
                                     Tel:  (312) 876-0181
                                     Fax:  (312) 993-6255







                                        - 78 -<PAGE>






                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     The Daiwa Bank, Ltd.
                                     450 Lexington Avenue, 17th Floor
                                     New York, NY 10017
                                     Tel:  (212) 808-2337
                                     Fax:  (212) 818-0865

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     The Daiwa Bank, Ltd. Chicago Branch
                                     Administration Center 
                                     233 South Wacker Drive, Suite 4500
                                     Chicago, IL 60606
                                     Tel:  (312) 876-0181
                                     Fax:  (312) 993-6255


          DEN NORSKE BANK            Lending Office:

                                     Stranden 21
                                     0107 Oslo 
                                     Norway 
                                     Attn:  Credit Administration
                                     Telecopier:  47-22-48-10-46

                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     Stranden 21
                                     0107 Oslo 
                                     Norway 
                                     Attn:  Credit Administration
                                     Telecopier:  47-22-48-10-46

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     Den norske Bank AS, New York Branch
                                     600 Fifth Avenue
                                     New York, NY 10020 












                                        - 79 -<PAGE>






          THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK       Lending Office:
            OF BOSTON
                                     100 Federal Street
                                     P.O. Box 2016
                                     Boston, MA  02106-2016
                                     Attn:      J. Peter Mitchell
                                     Telephone:    617-434-8307
                                     Telecopier:   617-434-6685

                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     100 Federal Street
                                     P.O. Box 2016
                                     Boston, MA  02106-2016
                                     Attn:     J. Peter Mitchell
                                     Telephone:   617-434-8307
                                     Telecopier:  617-434-6685

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     100 Federal Street
                                     P.O. Box 2016
                                     Boston, MA  02106-2016
                                     Attn:     J. Peter Mitchell
                                     Telephone:   617-434-8307
                                     Telecopier:  617-434-6685

          UNIBANK A/S                Lending Office:

                                     Unibank A/S
                                     Corporate Banking
                                     2 Torvegade
                                     DK-1786 Kobenhavn V
                                     Denmark
                                     Attn:     Ole Saxkjaer
                                     Telephone:    +45-33-33-33-33
                                     Telecopier:   +45-33-33-55-27














                                        - 80 -<PAGE>






                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     Unibank A/S
                                     Corporate Banking
                                     2 Torvegade
                                     DK-1786 Kobenhavn V
                                     Denmark
                                     Attn:     Ole Saxkjaer
                                     Telephone:    +45-33-33-33-33
                                     Telecopier:   +45-33-33-55-27


                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     Unibank A/S
                                     New York Branch
                                     15-15 West 54th Street
                                     New York, New York  10019
                                     Attn:      Kurt Jensen
                                     Telephone:    212-609-6900
                                     Telecopier:   212-245-9181



          UNION BANK OF NORWAY       Lending Office:

                                     Union Bank of Norway 
                                     Kirkegaten 18 
                                     P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum 
                                     0107 Oslo
                                     Norway
                                     Attn:  Loan Administration
                                     Telephone:  011-47-22-31-90-50
                                     Telecopier: 011-47-22-31-85-58


                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     Union Bank of Norway 
                                     Kirkegaten 18 
                                     P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum 
                                     0107 Oslo
                                     Norway
                                     Attn:  Loan Administration
                                     Telephone:    +011-47-22-31-90-50
                                     Telecopier:   +011-47-22-31-85-58


                                     Address for Service of Process:


                                        - 81 -<PAGE>





                                     Watson, Farley & Williams 
                                     380 Madison Avenue, 19th Floor
                                     New York, NY 10017 
                                     Attn:  Peter Smedresman, Esq.


          UNITED JERSEY BANK         Lending Office:

                                     United Jersey Bank 
                                     25 East Salem Street 
                                     Hackensack, NJ 07602 
                                     Attn:
                                     Telephone:
                                     Telecopier:

                                     Address for Notice Purposes:

                                     United Jersey Bank 
                                     25 East Salem Street 
                                     Hackensack, NJ 07602 
                                     Attn:
                                     Telephone:
                                     Telecopier:

                                     Address for Service of Process:

                                     United Jersey Bank  
                                     Deposit Services - Elizabeth 
                                     288 North Broad Street
                                     Elizabeth, NJ 07207






















                                        - 82 -<PAGE>





                                                                Schedule II

                                     Commitments

          The Banks  listed below will participate in  the Credit Agreement
          in the following manner:  (in million USD)
           
                           Tranche A   Tranche B    Revolving
                             Term         Term         Loan
           Bank           Commitment   Commitment   Commitment    Sum

           Union Bank of       12.500      22.500       15.000   50.000
           Norway
           Den norske          12.500      10.500        7.000   30.000
           Bank AS

           Sparekassen         12.500       7.500        5.000   25.000
           Bikuben

           Unibank A/S         12.500       7.500        5.000   25.000

           United Jersey       15.000           0            0   15.000
           Bank

           The First                0       9.000        6.000   15.000
           National Bank
           of Boston
           CoreStates               0       9.000        6.000   15.000
           Bank, N.A.

           The Daiwa                0       6.000        4.000   10.000
           Bank, Limited

           Sum                 65.000      72.000       48.000  185.000


















                                        - 83 -<PAGE>





                                                               Schedule III

                               Restructuring Documents 



          1.   The Restructuring  Agreement dated as of May 16, 1994 by and
               between the Parent Guarantor and A.L. - Oslo.

          2.   The Demerger  Agreement dated May 16 between A.L. - Oslo and
               New A.L. - Oslo.

          3.   The  Administrative Services  Agreement dated  September 30,
               1994 between A.L. - Oslo and New A.L. - Oslo.

          4.   The Lease Agreement dated September  28, 1994 between A.L. -
               Oslo and New A.L. - Oslo.

          5.   Opinions of U.S. and Norwegian counsel to A.L. - Oslo.

          6.   Opinion of counsel to the Parent Guarantor.

          7.   Lehman  Brothers letter  dated May 16,  1994 to  the Special
               Committee of the board of Directors of the Parent Guarantor.

          8.   Bear, Stearns & Co. Inc. dated May  16, 1994 to the Board of
               Directors of A.L. - Oslo.

























                                        - 84 -<PAGE>





                                                        Schedule 7.2(a)(iv)



                           Required Consents and Approvals


                                         None












































                                        - 85 -<PAGE>







                                                                EXHIBIT A-1

                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.

                                 TRANCHE A TERM NOTE


                                                         October 3, 1994   


               FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED, A.L.  RESTRUCTURING  SUB, INC.  (to be
          renamed A.L. Laboratories, Inc.) (the "Borrower") hereby promises
          to  pay  to  the  order  of                      (the "Bank") the
          principal amount of                         Dollars  ($          
          ), or, if less, the principal amount  of the Tranche A Term Loans
          of  the  Bank outstanding,  on  the  dates  and  in  the  amounts
          specified in the Credit Agreement  referred to below, and to  pay
          interest on such  principal amount on the dates and  at the rates
          specified in such Credit Agreement.  All payments due to the Bank
          hereunder  shall be made  to the  Agent, for distribution  to the
          Bank, at the  place, in the  type of money  and funds and in  the
          manner specified in such Credit Agreement.

               Each  holder  hereof is  authorized to  endorse on  the grid
          attached hereto,  or on a  continuation thereof,  each Tranche  A
          Term Loan  of the Bank and each payment, prepayment or conversion
          with respect thereto.

               Presentment, demand, protest, notice of  dishonor and notice
          of intent to accelerate are hereby waived by the undersigned.

               This Tranche A Term Note evidences Tranche A Term Loans made
          under, and  is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement,
          dated  as of September  28, 1994,  among the Borrower,  the banks
          listed on the signature pages  thereof, Union Bank of Norway,  as
          Agent, Union Bank of Norway, as Arranger, and Den norske Bank AS,
          as  Co-Arranger, as the  same may be  amended from time  to time.
          Reference is  made to such Credit  Agreement, as so  amended, for
          provisions relating to the prepayment and the acceleration of the
          maturity hereof.   This Tranche A  Term Note is also  entitled to
          the benefits of the Credit Support Documents referred to therein.

               This Tranche  A Term Note  shall be construed  in accordance
          with and governed by the laws of the State of New York.


                                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.



                                        - 86 -<PAGE>





                                             By                          
                                               Name:
                                               Title:

















































                                        - 87 -<PAGE>





                                         GRID

                                  TRANCHE A TERM NOTE


                              Amount of
               Amount of      Principal Paid,     Unpaid Principal
               Domestic Rate  Prepaid or          Amount of           Notation
     Date      Loan           Converted           Domestic Note       Made By
                                                                EXHIBIT A-2










































                                        - 88 -<PAGE>






                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.

                                  TRANCHE B TERM NOTE


                                                            October 3, 1994   

     FOR  VALUE RECEIVED, A.L.  RESTRUCTURING SUB,  INC. (to be  renamed A.L.
  Laboratories, Inc.)  (the "Borrower") hereby promises to pay   to  the  order
  of                           (the "Bank") the principal amount of            
         Dollars  ($        ), or, if less, the principal amount of the Tranche
  B  Term Loans  of  the Bank  outstanding,  on the  dates and  in  the amounts
  specified in the Credit Agreement  referred to below, and to pay  interest on
  such principal amount on the dates and at the rates specified  in such Credit
  Agreement.   All  payments due  to the Bank  hereunder shall  be made  to the
  Agent, for distribution to the  Bank, at the place, in the type of  money and
  funds and in the manner specified in such Credit Agreement.

        Each  holder  hereof  is  authorized to  endorse  on  the  grid attached
  hereto,  or on a continuation thereof,  each Tranche B Term  Loan of the Bank
  and each payment, prepayment or conversion with respect thereto.

       Presentment, demand,  protest, notice of  dishonor and notice  of intent
  to accelerate are hereby waived by the undersigned.

       This Tranche B Term  Note evidences Tranche B Term Loans made under, and
  is entitled to  the benefits of, the Credit Agreement,  dated as of September
  28,  1994, among  the  Borrower, the  banks  listed  on the  signature  pages
  thereof,  Union Bank of Norway, as Agent,  Union Bank of Norway, as Arranger,
  and Den norske Bank AS, as Co-Arranger, as the  same may be amended from time
  to  time.  Reference  is made to  such Credit  Agreement, as so  amended, for
  provisions relating to  the prepayment and  the acceleration of  the maturity
  hereof.   This Tranche B Term  Note is also  entitled to the benefits  of the
  Credit Support Documents referred to therein.

       This  Tranche  B Term  Note shall  be construed  in accordance  with and
  governed by the laws of the State of New York.

                                        A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.


                                        By                          
                                          Name:
                                          Title:







                                        - 89 -<PAGE>





                                         GRID

                                  TRANCHE B TERM NOTE


                              Amount of
               Amount of      Principal Paid,     Unpaid Principal
               Domestic Rate  Prepaid or          Amount of
     Notation
     Date      Loan           Converted           Domestic Note            Made
     By









































                                        - 90 -<PAGE>






                                                                EXHIBIT A-3

                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.
                                    REVOLVING NOTE


                                                           October 3, 1994 

               FOR  VALUE  RECEIVED, A.L.  RESTRUCTURING  SUB, INC.  (to be
          renamed A.L. Laboratories, Inc.) (the "Borrower") hereby promises
          to pay  to  the   order of                           (the "Bank")
          the principal amount of                      Dollars       ($    
            ), or,  if less,  the principal  amount of  the Revolving  Term
          Loans of the  Bank outstanding, on the  dates and in the  amounts
          specified in the Credit Agreement  referred to below, and to  pay
          interest on such  principal amount on the dates  and at the rates
          specified in such Credit Agreement.  All payments due to the Bank
          hereunder  shall be made  to the  Agent, for distribution  to the
          Bank,  at the place,  in the type  of money and funds  and in the
          manner specified in such Credit Agreement.

               Each holder  hereof is  authorized  to endorse  on the  grid
          attached hereto,  or on  a continuation  thereof, each  Revolving
          Term Loan  of the Bank and each payment, prepayment or conversion
          with respect thereto.

               Presentment, demand, protest, notice of dishonor and  notice
          of intent to accelerate are hereby waived by the undersigned.

               This  Revolving  Note evidences  Revolving  Term  Loans made
          under, and  is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement,
          dated  as of September  28, 1994,  among the Borrower,  the banks
          listed on the signature pages  thereof, Union Bank of Norway,  as
          Agent, Union Bank of Norway, as Arranger, and Den norske Bank AS,
          as Co-Arranger,  as the same  may be  amended from time  to time.
          Reference is  made to such Credit  Agreement, as so  amended, for
          provisions relating to the prepayment and the acceleration of the
          maturity  hereof.  This  Revolving Note  is also entitled  to the
          benefits of the Credit Support Documents referred to therein.

               This Revolving Note  shall be  construed in accordance  with
          and governed by the laws of the State of New York.

                                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.


                                             By                          
                                               Name:
                                               Title:


                                        - 91 -<PAGE>





                                         GRID

                                    REVOLVING NOTE


                                   Amount of
                    Amount of      Principal Paid,     Unpaid Principal
                    Domestic Rate  Prepaid or          Amount of
          Notation
          Date      Loan           Converted           Domestic Note  Made
          By









































                                        - 92 -<PAGE>





                                                                  Exhibit B


                                   [AFFILIATE NAME]

                             ACQUISITION RELATED GUARANTY


               GUARANTY,  dated   as  of   _____________   19__,  made   by
          _________________, a               corporation (together with its
          successors and  assigns, the "Acquisition Related Guarantor"), in
          favor of the banks  (the "Banks") parties, from time  to time, to
          the Credit  Agreement (as defined below), Union Bank of Norway as
          agent  (the  "Agent"), Union  Bank  of Norway,  as  arranger (the
          "Arranger"),  and Den  norske Bank  AS, as co-arranger  (the "Co-
          Arranger", and  collectively with  the Banks,  the Agent  and the
          Arranger, the "Guaranteed Parties").

                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS, the Guaranteed Parties have entered into the Credit
          Agreement dated as of September  __, 1994 (said agreement, as  it
          may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
          time to time, being the "Credit Agreement", and the terms defined
          therein and  not otherwise  defined herein  being used  herein as
          therein defined) with A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc. (to be renamed
          A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.), a  corporation organized  and existing
          under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Borrower"), or  any
          successor thereto;

               WHEREAS, pursuant to the terms  of the Credit Agreement,  if
          the proceeds  of a  Borrowing are  to be  made available,  either
          directly  or  indirectly,  to an  Affiliate  of  the  Borrower in
          connection with an acquisition of  Equity or assets ("Acquisition
          Related Loan Proceeds"), the Borrower is  required to deliver, or
          cause to  be delivered, a guaranty  of its obligations  under the
          Credit   Agreement  made  by  such  Affiliate  in  favor  of  the
          Guaranteed Parties.

               WHEREAS, on  _____________,  19__, the  Borrower effected  a
          Borrowing  and the  proceeds thereof were  made available  to the
          Acquisition Related  Guarantor in connection  with an acquisition
          of equity or asset and  therefore constituted Acquisition Related
          Loan Proceeds;

               NOW, THEREFORE, in  consideration of the premises,  in order
          to satisfy the  obligations of the  Borrower pursuant to  Section
          8.10 of the Credit Agreement, and in consideration of the receipt
          by the Acquisition  Related Guarantor of the  Acquisition Related



                                        - 93 -<PAGE>





          Loan Proceeds, the Acquisition Related Guarantor hereby agrees as
          follows: 

               SECTION 1.   Guaranty.   The  Acquisition Related  Guarantor
          hereby unconditionally  and irrevocably  guarantees the  punctual
          payment when  due, whether at stated maturity, by acceleration or
          otherwise, of  all obligations of  the Borrower now  or hereafter
          existing under the  Loan Documents,  whether for borrowed  money,
          interest,  fees or any other amounts  due thereunder or otherwise
          (the  "Guaranteed  Obligations")   and  any   and  all   expenses
          (including counsel fees and expenses)  reasonably incurred by any
          Guaranteed Party in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty.

               SECTION  2.   Guaranty  Absolute.   The  Acquisition Related
          Guarantor guarantees that  the obligations will be  paid strictly
          in accordance with the terms of the Loan Documents, regardless of
          any law, regulation or  order now or  hereafter in effect in  any
          jurisdiction  affecting any of  such terms  or the rights  of any
          Guaranteed  Party with  respect thereto.    The liability  of the
          Acquisition  Related  Guarantor  under  this  Guaranty  shall  be
          absolute and unconditional irrespective of:

               (a)  any  lack  of validity  or  enforceability of  the Loan
          Documents (including  this Guaranty)  or any  other agreement  or
          instrument relating thereto;

               (b)  any change  in the time, manner or place of payment of,
          or  in  any  other  term  of,  all  or  any  of  the   Guaranteed
          Obligations, or any other amendment  or waiver of or any  consent
          to departure from the Loan Documents;

               (c)  any   exchange,   release  or   nonperfection   of  any
          collateral, or any release or  amendment or waiver of or  consent
          to departure  from any  other guaranty,  for  all or  any of  the
          Guaranteed Obligations; or

               (d)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
          a defense  available to, or  a discharge of,  the Borrower,  or a
          guarantor.

               SECTION  3.    Waiver.   The  Acquisition  Related Guarantor
          hereby waives all notices with  respect to any of the  Guaranteed
          Obligations  and  this  Guaranty  and  any requirement  that  any
          Guaranteed Party protect, secure, perfect  or insure any security
          interests or  lien on any property subject thereto or exhaust any
          right or  take  any action  against the  Borrower,  or any  other
          person or entity or any collateral.

               SECTION  4.    Subrogation.    (a) The  Acquisition  Related
          Guarantor  shall  not  exercise  any  rights  which  it  may have


                                        - 94 -<PAGE>





          acquired  by  way of  subrogation  under  this  Argument, by  any
          payment made  hereunder or  otherwise nor  shall the  Acquisition
          Related Guarantor  seek any  reimbursement from  the Borrower  in
          respect of  payments made  by the  Acquisition Related  Guarantor
          hereunder, unless  and until  all of  the Guaranteed  Obligations
          shall have been paid and discharged, in full, and if any  payment
          shall be  made to the Acquisition Related Guarantor on account of
          such subrogation or  reimbursement rights  at any  time when  the
          Guaranteed Obligations shall  not have been paid  and discharged,
          in full, each and every amount so paid shall forthwith be paid to
          the  Agent  to be  credited  and applied  against  the Guaranteed
          Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

               (b)  If, pursuant to Applicable Law, the Acquisition Related
          Guarantor, by  payment or otherwise, becomes subrogated to all or
          any of the rights of the Guaranteed Parties under any of the Loan
          Documents,  the  rights of  the Guaranteed  Parties to  which the
          Acquisition  Related  Guarantor  shall  be  subrogated  shall  be
          accepted by the Acquisition Related Guarantor "as is" and without
          any  representation or  warranty of  any kind  by  the Guaranteed
          Parties, express or implied, with respect to the legality, value,
          validity  or  enforceability  of  any  of  such  rights,  or  the
          existence, availability,  value, merchantability  or fitness  for
          any  particular purpose  of any  collateral and shall  be without
          recourse to the Guaranteed Parties.

               SECTION 5.  Representations and Warranties.  The Acquisition
          Related Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

               (a)  Incorporation  and  Good   Standing.    It  is   (i)  a
          corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly  existing and  in  good
          standing under the laws of the State of __________; and (ii) duly
          qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation under the
          laws  of  each other  jurisdiction  in which  the  failure so  to
          qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (b)  Corporate  Power  and  Authorization.   The  execution,
          delivery and performance by the  Acquisition Related Guarantor of
          this  Guaranty  are  within the  Acquisition  Related Guarantor's
          corporate  powers,  have been  duly  authorized by  all necessary
          corporate  action,  do  not contravene  the  Acquisition  Related
          Guarantor's  charter  or  by-laws,  any  law or  any  contractual
          restriction  binding  on   or  affecting  and  material   to  the
          Acquisition Related Guarantor,  and do not  result in or  require
          the creation  of any  Lien upon  or with  respect to  any of  its
          properties.

               (c)  Authorization.   No authorization, consent  or approval
          or other  action  by,  and  no notice  to  or  filing  with,  any
          Governmental Authority or regulatory body is required for the due


                                        - 95 -<PAGE>





          execution, delivery  and performance  by the  Acquisition Related
          Guarantor  of   this   Guaranty,   other   than   (i)   consents,
          authorizations and approvals  that have been obtained,  are final
          and not subject to review on appeal  or to collateral attack, and
          are  in  full force  and  effect and,  in  the case  of  any such
          required under Applicable Law as in effect on the Agreement Date,
          are listed on  Schedule 7.2(a)(iv) of the  Credit Agreement, (ii)
          notices,  filings  or  registrations  that  have  been  given  or
          effected, and (iii) the filing  of copies of Loan Documents  with
          the  Securities and Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public
          filings.

               (d)  Valid  Guaranty.  This  Guaranty is a  legal, valid and
          binding  obligation   of  the   Acquisition  Related   Guarantor,
          enforceable  against   the  Acquisition   Related  Guarantor   in
          accordance with its  terms, except where such  enforcement may be
          limited by bankruptcy, insolvency,  reorganization, moratorium or
          similar laws relating to or  limiting creditor's rights generally
          or equitable principles relating to enforceability.

               (e)  Economic Benefits; Solvency.

                    (i)  The  Acquisition Related Loan  Proceeds constitute
               direct and/or indirect economic benefits  to the Acquisition
               Related  Guarantor  at least  equal  to  the amount  of  its
               obligations  hereunder  (with   the  amount  thereof   being
               determined without giving effect to Section 12);

                    (ii)     The  guarantee  by  the   Acquisition  Related
               Guarantor of the  Guaranteed Obligations and  the Incurrence
               by its of its other obligations hereunder  (with the amounts
               thereof being  determined without  giving effect to  Section
               12),  will  not  render  the  Acquisition Related  Guarantor
               insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they mature or leave
               the Acquisition  Related Guarantor  with unreasonably  small
               capital;

                    (iii)    The  Acquisition  Related Guarantor  does  not
               intend to incur debts, including those hereunder, that would
               be beyond its ability to pay as such debts mature.

               SECTION 6.   Payments and Computations. (a)  The Acquisition
          Related Guarantor shall make each payment payable by it hereunder
          not later than  11:00 A.M. (New York  City time) on the  day when
          due, in  Dollars, to  the Agent  at  its address  referred to  in
          Section 12.2  of the  Credit Agreement  in immediately  available
          funds without  set-off or  counterclaim, for  the account of  the
          several Banks.




                                        - 96 -<PAGE>





               (b)  No  Reductions.    Payments  due   to  the  Agent,  the
          Arranger, the Co-Arranger  or any Bank  hereunder, and all  other
          terms, conditions, covenants  and agreements  to be observed  and
          performed by the Acquisition  Related Guarantor hereunder,  shall
          be  made,  observed  or  performed  by  the  Acquisition  Related
          Guarantor  without   any  reduction   or  deduction   whatsoever,
          including any reduction or deduction for any set-off, recoupment,
          counterclaim (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or
          Tax.  

               SECTION 7.   Addresses for Notices.   All notices  and other
          communications  provided  for  hereunder  shall  be   in  writing
          (including  telegraphic or  telecopy  communication) and  mailed,
          telegraphed,  telecopied  or  delivered,  if  to  the Acquisition
          Related Guarantor, addressed to  it at                           
          Attention:             ,  if to the Agent, addressed to it at the
          address specified in the Credit Agreement, or as to each party at
          such other  address as  shall be  designated by such  party in  a
          written notice  to each other party complying as to delivery with
          the  terms   of  this  Section.    All  such  notices  and  other
          communications shall,  when mailed or  telegraphed, respectively,
          be effective  when deposited  in the  mails or  delivered to  the
          telegraph  company,  respectively,  addressed  as aforesaid,  and
          shall, when delivered or telecopied, be effective when received.

               SECTION 8.  No Waiver; Remedies.   No failure on the part of
          any Guaranteed Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
          right hereunder  shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
          single or partial  exercise of any  right hereunder preclude  any
          other or  further exercise thereof or  the exercise of  any other
          right.   The  remedies herein  provided  are cumulative  and  not
          exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

               SECTION 9.    Right of  Set-off.   Upon  the occurrence  and
          during the continuance of any Event of Default (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement), each Bank is hereby authorized at any time and
          from time to  time, to the  fullest extent  permitted by law,  to
          set-off and  apply any and all deposits (general or special, time
          or demand,  provisional  or final)  at any  time  held and  other
          indebtedness at any time owing by such Bank to or for  the credit
          or the  account of the Acquisition Related  Guarantor against any
          and all of the  obligations of the Acquisition Related  Guarantor
          now or hereafter  existing under  this Guaranty, irrespective  of
          whether or not  such Bank shall  have made any demand  under this
          Guaranty.   Each Bank agrees  promptly to notify  the Acquisition
          Related  Guarantor after any such set-off and application made by
          such  Bank;  provided, however,  that  the failure  to  give such
          notice  shall  not  affect  the  validity  of  such  set-off  and
          application.   The rights of each  Bank under this Section are in



                                        - 97 -<PAGE>





          addition  to  other  rights   and  remedies  (including,  without
          limitation, other rights of set-off) which such Bank may have.

               SECTION  10.    Continuing Guaranty;  Transfer  of Interest.
          This Guaranty  is a continuing guaranty  and shall (i)  remain in
          full force and effect until  indefeasible payment in full of  the
          Guaranteed Obligations and  all other amounts payable  under this
          Guaranty, (ii) be binding upon the Acquisition Related Guarantor,
          its  successors  and   permitted  assigns;  provided,   that  the
          Acquisition  Related  Guarantor may  not  assign or  transfer its
          obligations hereunder without the consent  of the Majority Banks,
          and (iii)  inure to  the benefit  of  and be  enforceable by  any
          Guaranteed Party and its  respective successors, transferees, and
          assigns, without limiting the generality  of the foregoing clause
          (iii), any Bank may assign or otherwise  transfer all or any part
          of  its rights  and  obligations under  the  Credit Agreement  in
          accordance  therewith,  and  such other  person  or  entity shall
          thereupon become  vested with all  the rights in  respect thereof
          granted  to such Bank  herein or otherwise,  subject, however, to
          the provisions of Article XII of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION 11.  Reinstatement.   This Guaranty shall remain  in
          full  force and effect  and continue  to be effective  should any
          petition be filed by or against any Loan Party (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement) for liquidation  or reorganization, should  any
          Loan Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
          of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all
          or any significant part of any Loan Party's assets, and shall, to
          the fullest  extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or
          be reinstated,  as the case  may be, if  at any time  payment and
          performance of the  Guaranteed Obligations, or any  part thereof,
          is, pursuant  to applicable law, rescinded or  reduced in amount,
          or must  otherwise be restored or returned  by any obligee of the
          Guaranteed  Obligations,  whether  as  a  "voidable  preference",
          "fraudulent conveyance", or otherwise, all as though such payment
          or performance had not been made.  In the event that any payment,
          or  any  part  thereof,  is   rescinded,  reduced,  restored,  or
          returned, the Guaranteed Obligations shall, to the fullest extent
          permitted by law, be reinstated  and deemed reduced only by  such
          amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

               SECTION  12.   Limitation  of Obligation.    Notwithstanding
          anything  else  herein to  the  contrary,  the liability  of  the
          Acquisition Related  Guarantor  under  this  Guaranty  shall  not
          exceed  the greater  of (i)  95% of the  Adjusted Net  Assets (as
          defined below) of  the Acquisition Related Guarantor on  the date
          of delivery  hereof and (ii) 95%  of the Adjusted Net  Assets (as
          defined below) of  the Acquisition Related Guarantor  on the date
          of any payment hereunder; provided, that nothing  in this Section
          14 shall be construed to  limit the liability of the  Acquisition


                                        - 98 -<PAGE>





          Related Guarantor under any other  Loan Document to which it  is,
          or may  be, a  party. "Adjusted  Net Assets"  of any  Acquisition
          Related Guarantor at any date means  the lesser of (x) the amount
          by which  the  fair value  of the  property  of such  Acquisition
          Related Guarantor  (including, without  limitation, the  property
          constituting the Equity  or assets acquired with  the Acquisition
          Related Loan  Proceeds and rights  of subrogation,  contribution,
          and  similar  rights) exceeds  the  total amount  of liabilities,
          including,   without  limitation,  contingent   liabilities,  but
          excluding  liabilities  under this  Guaranty, of  the Acquisition
          Related Guarantor at  such date and  (y) the amount by  which the
          present  fair salable  value  of the  assets  of the  Acquisition
          Related  Guarantor (including,  without limitation,  the property
          constituting the Equity  or assets acquired with  the Acquisition
          Related Loan  Proceeds and  rights of  subrogation, contribution,
          and similar rights) at such date exceeds the amount  that will be
          required to pay the probable liability of the Acquisition Related
          Guarantor  on  its  debts,  excluding  debt  in  respect of  this
          Guaranty, as they become absolute and matured.

               SECTION  13.    Additional  Obligation.   This  Guaranty  is
          delivered by the  Acquisition Related  Guarantor in addition  to,
          and  not in  substitution of, any  other Credit  Support Document
          that was previously, or that  may hereafter be, delivered by  the
          Acquisition Related  Guarantor and nothing contained herein shall
          be deemed to  limit or  in any  way prejudice the  rights of  the
          Guaranteed Parties  against  the  Acquisition  Related  Guarantor
          under any other Loan Document.

               SECTION 14.  GOVERNING LAW.  This Guaranty SHALL BE GOVERNED
          BY, AND  CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH,  THE LAWS OF THE  STATE OF
          NEW YORK.

               SECTION 15.   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE ACQUISITION RELATED
          GUARANTOR IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO  TRIAL BY JURY  IN ANY
          ACTION OR  PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES
          HEREUNDER, UNDER  THE CREDIT  AGREEMENT OR UNDER  THE OTHER  LOAN
          DOCUMENTS RELATIVE TO EACH OF THE FOREGOING.

               IN  WITNESS WHEREOF, the  Acquisition Related  Guarantor has
          caused  this Guaranty to  be duly  executed and delivered  by its
          officer thereunto  duly authorized  as of  the  date first  above
          written.

                                             [ACQUISITION           RELATED
          GUARANTOR]






                                        - 99 -<PAGE>






          By:____________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:
















































                                       - 100 -<PAGE>






                               INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT


               INTERCREDITOR AGREEMENT,  dated  as of  September 28,  1994,
          made by  Union Bank  of Norway, as  agent (the  "Agent") for  the
          banks (the  "Banks")  parties from  time to  time  to the  Credit
          Agreement (as  defined below),  Signet Bank/Maryland  ("Signet"),
          National  Westminster  Bank  NJ  ("NatWest")  and  U.S.  Bank  of
          Washington,  N.A.  ("U.S.  Bank", and  together  with  Signet and
          NatWest, the "Other Lenders").


                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS,  the  Other  Lenders have  made  available  to A.L.
          Laboratories,  Inc.  (to  be  renamed   A.L.  Pharma  Inc.)  (the
          "Parent")  and/or  its  Subsidiaries (such  Subsidiaries  and the
          Parent are  collectively referred  to herein  as the  "Obligors")
          certain unsecured lines of credit (the "Lines of Credit");

               WHEREAS, A.L.  Restructuring Sub  Inc. (to  be renamed  A.L.
          Laboratories, Inc.) (the "Borrower"), the Agent, the Banks, Union
          Bank of  Norway, as  arranger, and  Den norske  Bank  AS, as  co-
          arranger,  have entered  into the  Credit Agreement  dated as  of
          September  28,  1994  (said agreement,  as  it  may hereafter  be
          amended, supplemented or  otherwise modified  from time to  time,
          the "Credit Agreement");

               WHEREAS, it  is a condition precedent  to the making  of any
          Loans under the Credit Agreement that the  parties hereto execute
          and  deliver this Agreement  so as  to set  forth certain  of the
          parties' agreements in respect of the obligations of the Obligors
          to the Banks and the Other Lenders under the Credit Agreement and
          the Lines of Credit, respectively.

               NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration  of  the premises  and in
          order to  induce the Banks  to make  the loans  under the  Credit
          Agreement, the parties hereto agree as follows:

               SECTION  1.   Definitions.  Capitalized  terms used  but not
          otherwise  defined  herein  are used  with  the  meaning ascribed
          thereto in  the Credit Agreement or,  if not defined  therein, in
          the Parent Guaranty  (such meanings to  be equally applicable  to
          both the singular and plural forms of the terms defined).

               SECTION 2.   Amounts Under Other Credit Agreements.  Each of
          the  Other Lenders  represents  and warrants  to  the Agent  that
          Schedule A hereto sets forth  the maximum amount of  Indebtedness
          available under  the Lines of Credit made available by such Other
          Lender to  any of  the Obligors  and the  amount outstanding  and
          owing by any of the Obligors to such Other Lender under such Line
          of Credit, in each case on and as of the date of this Agreement.<PAGE>





               SECTION 3.   No  Additional Debt.    So long  as the  Credit
          Agreement is in  effect, each of the Other Lenders agrees that it
          will  not  enter  into any  agreements,  including  agreements to
          modify, alter or amend  the terms and provisions of the  Lines of
          Credit  made available by it, the  effect of which is to increase
          the amount of Indebtedness  which can be  incurred by any of  the
          Obligors  under the Lines  of Credit  over and above  the maximum
          principal amount  available under the Lines of Credit on the date
          hereof (as  disclosed on the  attached Schedule  A), unless  such
          Indebtedness  constitutes Permitted  Indebtedness and  such Other
          Lender provides the  Agent with at  least 15 days' notice  of its
          intention to increase such Indebtedness.

               SECTION 4.   Credit Agreement Security.   The Other  Lenders
          acknowledge that pursuant  to the  Subsidiary Guaranties and  the
          Pledge Agreements, certain  of the  Subsidiaries of the  Borrower
          and  the  Guarantor  are providing  security  for  the Borrower's
          obligations under the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION 5.   Pari Passu Ranking  of Obligations.   The Agent
          and the Other Lenders acknowledge  and agree that so long as  the
          Credit  Agreement is in  effect, the  obligations of  any Obligor
          pursuant to  the terms of  the Credit Agreement  or the Lines  of
          Credit (as the case may  be), whether now or hereafter  existing,
          rank, and will  at all times hereafter rank, pari  passu in right
          of  payment  and  in liquidation  with  all  obligations of  such
          Obligor  to the Banks and Other  Lenders pursuant to the terms of
          the Credit Agreement and the Lines of Credit.  Each Other  Lender
          agrees that it has  not and will not take any  action which would
          cause  the  Borrower  or the  Parent  to  be  in  breach  of  the
          provisions of Section 9.1 or 7(a) of the Credit Agreement and the
          Guaranty, respectively.

               SECTION   6.  Termination of this Agreement.  This Agreement
          shall  terminate  in  the  event  that the  Credit  Agreement  is
          terminated  upon  satisfaction  of  the  Borrower's   obligations
          thereunder in accordance with the provisions thereof.

               SECTION 7.  Credit Agreement Obligations.  Each of the Other
          Lenders  represents and warrants   that  it is familiar  with the
          provisions of Article IX of  the Credit Agreement and Sections  7
          and 8 of the Parent Guaranty.

               SECTION 8.   Addresses for Notices.   All notices  and other
          communications  provided  for  hereunder  shall   be  in  writing
          (including  telegraphic or  telecopy  communication) and  mailed,
          telegraphed, telecopied  or delivered,  as to  each party at  its
          address specified on the signature pages hereto, or at such other
          address as shall be designated by such party in  a written notice
          to each other party  complying as to  delivery with the terms  of


                                        - 102 -<PAGE>





          this Section.   All such notices and other  communications shall,
          when mailed  or  telegraphed,  respectively,  be  effective  when
          deposited in  the mails  or delivered  to the  telegraph company,
          respectively, addressed as aforesaid,  and shall, when  delivered
          or telecopied, be effective when received.

               SECTION 9.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the  part of
          any party  to exercise,  and no  delay in  exercising, any  right
          hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any single
          or partial  exercise of any right hereunder preclude any other or
          further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right.

               SECTION  10.    GOVERNING  LAW.    THIS AGREEMENT  SHALL  BE
          GOVERNED BY,  AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH, THE LAWS  OF THE
          STATE OF NEW YORK.

               SECTION 11.   Amendment.  This Agreement may not be amended,
          modified or waived except with the written consent of each of the
          parties  hereto;  provided,  however,  that  the  parties  hereto
          acknowledge  that at  any time  hereafter future  lenders  of the
          Obligors may  become parties to  this Agreement by  executing and
          delivering to all other parties a counterpart  of this Agreement,
          and  thereafter this  Agreement  shall  be  deemed to  have  been
          thereby amended and such future lender  shall have, on and as  of
          such date, all of the rights and obligations of an "Other Lender"
          as if it had executed this Agreement on the date hereof.

               SECTION 12.   Successors and Assigns.  This  Agreement shall
          be binding  upon and inure to  the benefit of  the parties hereto
          and their respective successors and assigns.

               SECTION 13.  Severability.   In case any one or  more of the
          provisions contained in this Agreement should be invalid, illegal
          or  unenforceable  in  any respect,  the  validity,  legality and
          enforceability of the remaining provisions contained herein shall
          not in any way be affected or impaired thereby.

               SECTION 14.   Headings and Titles.  The Section headings and
          other titles contained in this Agreement are and shall be without
          substantive meaning or content of any kind whatsoever and are not
          part of the agreement between the parties hereto.

               SECTION 15.   Counterparts.  This Agreement  may be executed
          in any  number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in
          separate counterparts,  each of which  when so executed  shall be
          deemed to be  an original and all  of which taken  together shall
          constitute one and the same agreement.





                                        - 103 -<PAGE>





               IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the  parties  hereto have  caused this
          Intercreditor Agreement to  be duly executed and delivered by its
          officer  thereunto duly  authorized as  of the  date first  above
          written.

                                             SIGNET BANK/MARYLAND



                                             By:_______________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

                                                Address for Notices:

                                                _________________________
                                                _________________________
                                                Telecopy:
                                                Telephone:
                                                Attention:

                                             NATIONAL WESTMINSTER BANK NJ



                                             By:_______________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

                                                Address for Notices:

                                                _________________________
                                                _________________________
                                                Telecopy:
                                                Telephone:
                                                Attention:

                                             U.S. BANK OF WASHINGTON, N.A.



                                             By:_______________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

                                                Address for Notices:

                                                _________________________
                                                _________________________
                                                Telecopy:


                                        - 104 -<PAGE>





                                                Telephone:
                                                Attention:

                                             UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent



                                             By:_______________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:

                                                Address for Notices:

                                                _________________________
                                                _________________________
                                                Telecopy:
                                                Telephone:
                                                Attention:


































                                        - 105 -<PAGE>






                                      Schedule A


                                   LINES OF CREDIT















































                                        - 106 -<PAGE>






                                                                EXHIBIT D-1

                    NOTICE OF INITIAL BORROWING AND WAIVER REQUEST


                                                         September 28, 1994


          Union Bank of Norway.
            as Agent for 
            the Banks parties to the
            Credit Agreement referred to below
          ______________________
          ______________________ 


          Ladies and Gentlemen:

               The undersigned refers  to the Credit Agreement, dated as of

          September  __, 1994, among  A.L. Restructuring  Sub, Inc.  (to be

          renamed A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.), as Borrower (the  "Borrower"),

          the Banks  named therein, Union Bank  of Norway, as  Agent, Union

          Bank  of Norway,  as Arranger,  and  Den norske  Bank AS,  as Co-

          Arranger (such agreement,  as it may be  amended, supplemented or

          otherwise  modified, the  "Credit Agreement",  the  terms defined

          therein being used  herein as therein defined),  and hereby gives

          you  notice, irrevocably,  pursuant  to  Section[s] [2.2],  [3.2]

          [and]  [4.2] of the Credit  Agreement that the undersigned hereby

          requests [a Tranche A Term  Loan Borrowing][,] [a Tranche B  Term

          Loan Borrowing] [and] [a Revolving Term Loan Borrowing] under the

          Credit  Agreement   (the   "Proposed   [Tranche   A   Term   Loan

          Borrowing][,] [Tranche  B Term  Loan Borrowing] [and]  [Revolving

          Term Loan Borrowing]"),  and in that connection  sets forth below

          the information relating  to such Proposed  [Tranche A Term  Loan

          Borrowing][,] [Tranche B  Term Loan  Borrowing] [and]  [Revolving<PAGE>





          Term Loan Borrowing] as required  by Section [2.2(a)][,] [3.2(a)]

          [and] [4.2(a)], of the Credit Agreement:



                    (i) The  Business Day of  the Proposed [Tranche  A Term

               Loan Borrowing][,]  [Tranche B  Term  Loan Borrowing]  [and]

               [Revolving Term Loan Borrowing] is [October 3], 1994.



                    (ii) The  aggregate principal  amount of  the Borrowing

               constituting the Proposed  Tranche A Term Loan  Borrowing is

               $____________  having an Interest Period of [1] [3] [6] [12]

               months.



                    (iii) The aggregate principal  amount of the  Borrowing

               constituting the Proposed  Tranche B Term Loan  Borrowing is

               $____________ having an  Interest Period of [1] [3] [6] [12]

               months.



                    (iv) The  aggregate principal amount  of the  Borrowing

               constituting the Proposed  Revolving Term Loan  Borrowing is

               $____________ having an Interest Period  of [1] [3] [6] [12]

               months.



                    (v) The undersigned  hereby certifies that, before  and

               after giving  effect to  the Proposed  [Tranche A Term  Loan

               Borrowing][,]   [Tranche  B   Term  Loan   Borrowing]  [and]



                                        - 108 -<PAGE>





               [Revolving  Term  Loan Borrowing],  no  Default or  Event of

               Default  has  occurred  and is  continuing  or  would result

               therefrom.



                    [(vi)   Proceeds   of  this   [Tranche   A  Term   Loan

               Borrowing][Tranche  B  Term  Loan  Borrowing][Revolving Term

               Loan  Borrowing] in the  amount of  $____________ are  to be

               made   [directly][indirectly]   available   to   [name    of

               Affiliate], an Affiliate  of the undersigned, in  connection

               with an acquisition of [Equity][assets].] 



                    (vii)  The  undersigned   hereby  certifies  that   all

               representations  and  warranties   of  the  undersigned,  as

               Borrower, contained  in the  Credit Agreement  are true  and

               correct   in   all   material  respects   as   though   such

               representations  and warranties had  been made on  and as of

               the date hereof.



               Furthermore, the undersigned requests that,  notwithstanding

          the provisions  in Section[s] [2.2(a)][,] [3.2(a)] [and] [4.2(a)]

          of the Credit Agreement requiring delivery by the undersigned  to

          the  Agent of a  Notice of Borrowing at  least five Business Days

          prior to the  date of a proposed Borrowing, the Agent, for and on

          behalf of  the Banks and for  purposes of this Notice  of Initial

          Borrowing  and   Waiver  Request,  waive   the  requirements   of



                                        - 109 -<PAGE>





          Section[s]  [2.2(a)][,] [3.2(a)]  [and]  [4.2(a)]  of the  Credit

          Agreement.  The undersigned shall indemnify each Bank against any

          loss,  cost or expense incurred (i)  as a result of the foregoing

          waiver; and  (ii) by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of

          deposits  or  other  funds  acquired by  such  Bank  to  fund any

          Borrowing  when  such Loan,  as  a result  of  (A) the  foregoing

          waiver; or (B)  any failure to fulfill  on or before the  date of

          the proposed  Borrowing the  applicable conditions  set forth  in

          Article VI of the Credit Agreement, is not made on such date. 



               The foregoing waiver shall be effective only for the purpose

          and upon the terms  set forth herein, and shall not  apply to any

          other Notices  of Borrowing  to be  delivered by  the undersigned

          pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement.







                                             Very truly yours,

                                             A.L. RESTRUCTURING SUB, INC.




                                             By:___________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:








                                        - 110 -<PAGE>






                                                                EXHIBIT D-2

                                 NOTICE OF BORROWING 


                                                         ____________, 199_


          Union Bank of Norway,
            as Agent for 
            the Banks parties to the
            Credit Agreement referred to below
          ______________________
          ______________________ 


          Ladies and Gentlemen:

               The undersigned refers  to the Credit Agreement, dated as of

          September 28, 1994, among A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc. (now known

          as A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.), as  Borrower (the "Borrower"),  the

          Banks named therein, Union Bank  of Norway, as Agent, Union  Bank

          of Norway,  as Arranger, and Den  norske Bank AS,  as Co-Arranger

          (such agreement, as it may  be amended, supplemented or otherwise

          modified, the "Credit Agreement", the terms defined therein being

          used herein  as therein  defined), and  hereby gives  you notice,

          irrevocably, pursuant to  Section[s] [2.2], [3.2] [and]  [4.2] of

          the  Credit  Agreement that  the  undersigned hereby  requests [a

          Tranche  A  Term  Loan  Borrowing][,]  [a  Tranche  B  Term  Loan

          Borrowing] [and] [a  Revolving Loan  Borrowing] under the  Credit

          Agreement (the  "Proposed  [Tranche  A  Term  Loan  Borrowing][,]

          [Tranche   B   Term   Loan  Borrowing]   [and]   [Revolving  Loan

          Borrowing]"),  and  in  that  connection  sets  forth  below  the

          information  relating  to  such  Proposed  [Tranche A  Term  Loan


                                        - 111 -<PAGE>





          Borrowing][,] [Tranche  B Term  Loan Borrowing]  [and] [Revolving

          Loan Borrowing] as required by Section [2.2(a)][,] [3.2(a)] [and]

          [4.2(a)], of the Credit Agreement:



                    (i) The  Business Day of  the Proposed [Tranche  A Term

               Loan  Borrowing][,] [Tranche  B Term  Loan  Borrowing] [and]

               [Revolving Loan Borrowing] is _______________, 199__.



                    (ii) The aggregate  principal amount  of the  Borrowing

               constituting the Proposed  Tranche A Term Loan  Borrowing is

               $____________ having an  initial Interest Period of  [1] [3]

               [6] [12] months.



                    (iii) The  aggregate principal amount of  the Borrowing

               constituting the Proposed  Tranche B Term Loan  Borrowing is

               $____________ having an  initial Interest Period of  [1] [3]

               [6] [12] months.



                    (iv)  The aggregate  principal amount of  the Borrowing

               constituting  the  Proposed  Revolving  Loan  Borrowing   is

               $____________ having an  initial Interest Period of  [1] [3]

               [6] [12] months.



                    [(v)   Proceeds   of   this   [Tranche   A  Term   Loan

               Borrowing][Tranche  B  Term  Loan  Borrowing][Revolving Loan



                                        - 112 -
                                               - 112 -<PAGE>





               Borrowing] in  the amount  of $____________ are  to be  made

               [directly][indirectly] available to [name of Affiliate],  an

               Affiliate   of  the  undersigned,   in  connection  with  an

               acquisition of [Equity][assets].] 



                    (vi) The  undersigned hereby certifies that, before and

               after  giving effect to  the Proposed  [Tranche A  Term Loan

               Borrowing][,]  [Tranche   B  Term   Loan  Borrowing]   [and]

               [Revolving Loan Borrowing], no Event of Default has occurred

               and is continuing or would result therefrom.



                    (vii)  The  undersigned   hereby  certifies  that   all

               representations  and  warranties   of  the  undersigned,  as

               Borrower,  contained  in  the   Credit  Agreement,  and  all

               representations  and  warranties  of  the Parent  Guarantor,

               contained  in the Parent  Guaranty, are true  and correct in

               all material  respects  as though  such representations  and

               warranties  had  been made  by the  Borrower and  the Parent

               Guarantor, respectively, on and as of the date hereof.



               Pursuant  to  Section 2.2(d)  of  the Credit  Agreement, the

          undersigned shall indemnify  each Bank against any  loss, cost or

          expense incurred  by such  Bank as  a  result of  any failure  to

          fulfill on or before the  date specified herein for the  Proposed

          [Tranche  A  Term   Loan  Borrowing][,]  [Tranche  B   Term  Loan



                                        - 113 -
                                               - 113 -<PAGE>





          Borrowing][and][Revolving   Loan   Borrowing]    the   applicable

          conditions  set forth  in  Article VI  of  the Credit  Agreement,

          including, without limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred

          by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits or other

          funds acquired by such Bank  to fund such Borrowing[s] when  such

          Loan[s], as a result of such failure, [is][are] not made  on such

          date. 

                                                  Very truly yours,

                                                  A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.
                                                  (formerly  known as  A.L.
                                                  Restructuring Sub, Inc.)


                                                  By:___________________
                                                     Name:
                                                     Title:




























                                        - 114 -
                                               - 114 -<PAGE>





                                                                  Exhibit G


                              [NAME] SUBSIDIARY GUARANTY


               GUARANTY,  dated  as   of  September   __,  1994,  made   by
          _________________, a               corporation (together with its
          successors and assigns, the "Subsidiary  Guarantor"), in favor of
          the banks (the "Banks") parties, from time to time, to the Credit
          Agreement (as  defined below), Union Bank of Norway as agent (the
          "Agent"), Union Bank of Norway, as arranger (the "Arranger"), and
          Den  norske  Bank  AS,  as  co-arranger (the  "Co-Arranger",  and
          collectively with  the Banks,  the  Agent and  the Arranger,  the
          "Guaranteed Parties").

                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS, the Guaranteed Parties have entered into the Credit
          Agreement dated as of September  __, 1994 (said agreement, as  it
          may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
          time to time, being the "Credit Agreement", and the terms defined
          therein  and not  otherwise defined herein  being used  herein as
          therein defined) with A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc. (to be renamed
          A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.), a  corporation organized and  existing
          under the laws of the State of  Delaware (the "Borrower"), or any
          successor thereto;

               WHEREAS, it is  a condition precedent to the Initial Funding
          Date under  the Credit  Agreement that  the Subsidiary  Guarantor
          shall have executed and delivered this Guaranty;

               NOW,  THEREFORE,  in consideration  of  the premises  and in
          order  to induce  the Banks  to make the  loans under  the Credit
          Agreement, the Subsidiary Guarantor hereby agrees as follows: 

               SECTION  1.    Guaranty.   The  Subsidiary  Guarantor hereby
          unconditionally and irrevocably  guarantees the punctual  payment
          when  due,  whether  at  stated   maturity,  by  acceleration  or
          otherwise,  of all obligations  of the Borrower  now or hereafter
          existing under the  Loan Documents,  whether for borrowed  money,
          interest, fees or any  other amounts due thereunder or  otherwise
          (the  "Guaranteed   Obligations")  and   any  and   all  expenses
          (including counsel fees and expenses)  reasonably incurred by any
          Guaranteed Party in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty.

               SECTION 2.   Guaranty  Absolute.   The Subsidiary  Guarantor
          guarantees  that  the  obligations  will   be  paid  strictly  in
          accordance  with the terms  of the Loan  Documents, regardless of
          any law, regulation or  order now or  hereafter in effect in  any


                                        - 115 -<PAGE>





          jurisdiction  affecting any of  such terms  or the rights  of any
          Guaranteed  Party with  respect thereto.   The  liability  of the
          Subsidiary Guarantor under  this Guaranty  shall be absolute  and
          unconditional irrespective of:

               (a)  any  lack  of validity  or  enforceability of  the Loan
          Documents (including  this Guaranty)  or any  other agreement  or
          instrument relating thereto;

               (b)  any change  in the time, manner or place of payment of,
          or  in  any  other  term  of,  all  or  any  of   the  Guaranteed
          Obligations, or any other amendment  or waiver of or any  consent
          to departure from the Loan Documents;

               (c)  any   exchange,  release   or   nonperfection  of   any
          collateral, or any release or  amendment or waiver of or  consent
          to  departure from  any other  guaranty,  for all  or any  of the
          Guaranteed Obligations; or

               (d)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
          a  defense available to,  or a discharge  of, the  Borrower, or a
          guarantor.

               SECTION 3.   Waiver.  The Subsidiary Guarantor hereby waives
          all notices with respect to any of the Guaranteed Obligations and
          this  Guaranty  and  any requirement  that  any  Guaranteed Party
          protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interests or lien
          on any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take  any
          action against the Borrower, or any other person or entity or any
          collateral.

               SECTION 4.  Subrogation.  (a) The Subsidiary Guarantor shall
          not  exercise any  rights which it  may have  acquired by  way of
          subrogation under this Guaranty, by any payment made hereunder or
          otherwise   nor  shall   the   Subsidiary  Guarantor   seek   any
          reimbursement from  the Borrower in  respect of payments  made by
          the Subsidiary Guarantor  hereunder, unless and until all  of the
          Guaranteed Obligations shall  have been  paid and discharged,  in
          full,  and  if any  payment  shall  be  made  to  the  Subsidiary
          Guarantor on account of such  subrogation or reimbursement rights
          at any time when the  Guaranteed Obligations shall not have  been
          paid and discharged, in full, each and every amount so paid shall
          forthwith be paid to the Agent to be credited and applied against
          the Guaranteed Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

               (b)  If,   pursuant  to   Applicable  Law,   the  Subsidiary
          Guarantor, by payment  or otherwise, becomes subrogated to all or
          any of the rights of the Guaranteed Parties under any of the Loan
          Documents, the  rights  of the  Guaranteed Parties  to which  the
          Subsidiary Guarantor shall be subrogated shall be accepted by the


                                        - 116 -
                                               - 116 -<PAGE>





          Subsidiary Guarantor "as  is" and  without any representation  or
          warranty of  any  kind  by the  Guaranteed  Parties,  express  or
          implied,  with  respect  to  the  legality,  value,  validity  or
          enforceability  of  any   of  such  rights,  or   the  existence,
          availability,   value,   merchantability  or   fitness   for  any
          particular  purpose  of  any  collateral  and  shall  be  without
          recourse to the Guaranteed Parties.

               SECTION 5.  Representations and  Warranties.  The Subsidiary
          Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

               (a)  Incorporation  and  Good   Standing.    It  is   (i)  a
          corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly existing  and  in  good
          standing under the laws of the State of __________; and (ii) duly
          qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation under the
          laws  of  each other  jurisdiction  in which  the  failure so  to
          qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (b)  Corporate  Power  and  Authorization.   The  execution,
          delivery  and  performance by  the  Subsidiary Guarantor  of this
          Guaranty are within the Subsidiary Guarantor's corporate  powers,
          have been duly authorized by  all necessary corporate action,  do
          not contravene the Subsidiary Guarantor's charter or by-laws, any
          law or  any contractual restriction  binding on or  affecting and
          material  to the Subsidiary  Guarantor, and  do not result  in or
          require the creation of  any Lien upon or with respect  to any of
          its properties.

               (c)  Authorization.  No  authorization, consent or  approval
          or other  action  by,  and  no  notice to  or  filing  with,  any
          Governmental Authority or regulatory body is required for the due
          execution, delivery and performance  by the Subsidiary  Guarantor
          of this  Guaranty, other  than (i)  consents, authorizations  and
          approvals that have been obtained,  are final and not subject  to
          review on appeal or to collateral  attack, and are in full  force
          and effect and, in the case of any such required under Applicable
          Law as in  effect ont eh Agreement  date, are listed on  Schedule
          7,.2(a)(iv) of  the Credit  Agreement, (ii)  notices, filings  or
          registrations that  have been  given or  effected, and  (iii) the
          filing  of  copies  of  Loan Documents  with  the  Securities and
          Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public filings.

               (d)  Valid Guaranty.   This Guaranty  is a legal,  valid and
          binding  obligation  of  the  Subsidiary  Guarantor,  enforceable
          against the Subsidiary  Guarantor in  accordance with its  terms,
          except  where  such  enforcement may  be  limited  by bankruptcy,
          insolvency, reorganization, moratorium  or similar laws  relating
          to  or   limiting  creditor's   rights  generally   or  equitable
          principles relating to enforceability.



                                        - 117 -
                                               - 117 -<PAGE>





               (e)  Economic Benefits; Solvency. 

                    (i)  The  execution  and  delivery  by  the  Guaranteed
          Parties of  the Credit Agreement, and the extensions of credit by
          the Guaranteed Parties  thereunder, constitute indirect  economic
          benefit to  the Subsidiary Guarantor at least equal to the amount
          of  its  obligations  hereunder (with  the  amount  thereof being
          determined without giving effect to Section 12);

                    (ii) The guarantee  by the Subsidiary Guarantor  of the
          Guaranteed  Obligations and  the incurrence  by it  of  its other
          obligations hereunder (with the amounts thereof  being determined
          without  giving  effect  to  Section  12),  will not  render  the
          Subsidiary Guarantor insolvent or unable to pay its debts as they
          mature or leave the Subsidiary  Guarantor with unreasonably small
          capital;

                    (iii) The Subsidiary Guarantor does not intend to incur
          debts,  including  those  hereunder,  that  would be  beyond  its
          ability to pay as such debts mature.

               SECTION 6.   Payments and  Computations. (a) The  Subsidiary
          Guarantor  shall make  each payment payable  by it  hereunder not
          later than 11:00 A.M. (New York  City time) on the day when  due,
          in Dollars,  to the Agent at  its address referred to  in Section
          12.2  of  the  Credit Agreement  in  immediately  available funds
          without  set-off or counterclaim, for the  account of the several
          Banks.

               (b)  No  Reductions.    Payments  due   to  the  Agent,  the
          Arranger,  the Co-Arranger or  any Bank hereunder,  and all other
          terms, conditions, covenants  and agreements  to be observed  and
          performed by the  Subsidiary Guarantor hereunder, shall  be made,
          observed or  performed by  the Subsidiary  Guarantor without  any
          reduction  or deduction  whatsoever,  including any  reduction or
          deduction for  any  set-off,  recoupment,  counterclaim  (whether
          sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or Tax.  

               SECTION 7.   Addresses for Notices.   All notices  and other
          communications  provided  for  hereunder  shall  be   in  writing
          (including  telegraphic  or telecopy  communication)  and mailed,
          telegraphed,  telecopied  or  delivered,  if  to  the  Subsidiary
          Guarantor, addressed to it at                        Attention:  
                   ,  if  to the  Agent,  addressed to  it  at the  address
          specified  in the Credit Agreement,  or as to  each party at such
          other address as shall be designated  by such party in a  written
          notice to  each other  party complying  as to  delivery with  the
          terms of this Section.  All such notices and other communications
          shall,  when mailed  or  telegraphed, respectively,  be effective
          when  deposited  in  the  mails  or  delivered  to  the telegraph


                                        - 118 -
                                               - 118 -<PAGE>





          company, respectively,  addressed as  aforesaid, and  shall, when
          delivered or telecopied, be effective when received.

               SECTION 8.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the  part of
          any Guaranteed Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
          right hereunder  shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
          single or  partial exercise of  any right hereunder  preclude any
          other or  further exercise thereof or  the exercise of  any other
          right.   The  remedies  herein provided  are  cumulative and  not
          exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

               SECTION 9.    Right of  Set-off.   Upon  the occurrence  and
          during the continuance of any Event of Default (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement), each Bank is hereby authorized at any time and
          from time to  time, to the  fullest extent  permitted by law,  to
          set-off and  apply any and all deposits (general or special, time
          or demand,  provisional  or final)  at any  time  held and  other
          indebtedness at any  time owing by such Bank to or for the credit
          or the account of the Subsidiary Guarantor against any and all of
          the  obligations  of the  Subsidiary  Guarantor now  or hereafter
          existing under this Guaranty, irrespective of whether or not such
          Bank shall  have made any demand under  this Guaranty.  Each Bank
          agrees promptly to notify the Subsidiary Guarantor after any such
          set-off and  application made  by such  Bank; provided,  however,
          that  the  failure  to  give such  notice  shall  not  affect the
          validity  of such set-off  and application.   The rights  of each
          Bank under  this  Section are  in addition  to  other rights  and
          remedies (including, without limitation, other rights of set-off)
          which such Bank may have.

               SECTION  10.   Continuing  Guaranty;  Transfer  of Interest.
          This Guaranty  is a continuing guaranty  and shall (i)  remain in
          full force and effect until  indefeasible payment in full of  the
          Guaranteed Obligations and  all other amounts payable  under this
          Guaranty,  (ii)  be binding  upon  the Subsidiary  Guarantor, its
          successors and assigns, and (iii) inure  to the benefit of and be
          enforceable  by   any  Guaranteed   Party   and  its   respective
          successors, transferees, and permitted assigns; provided that the
          Subsidiary Guarantor may  not assign or transfer  its obligations
          hereunder  without  the consent  of  the Majority  Banks, without
          limiting the  generality of the foregoing clause  (iii), any Bank
          may assign  or otherwise transfer all  or any part of  its rights
          and  obligations   under  the  Credit  Agreement   in  accordance
          therewith, and such other person or entity shall thereupon become
          vested  with all the  rights in  respect thereof granted  to such
          Bank  herein or otherwise, subject, however, to the provisions of
          Article XII of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION 11.  Reinstatement.   This Guaranty shall remain  in
          full  force and effect  and continue  to be effective  should any


                                        - 119 -
                                               - 119 -<PAGE>





          petition be filed by or against any Loan Party (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement) for  liquidation or reorganization,  should any
          Loan Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
          of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all
          or any significant part of any Loan Party's assets, and shall, to
          the fullest  extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or
          be  reinstated, as the  case may be,  if at any  time payment and
          performance of the  Guaranteed Obligations, or any  part thereof,
          is,  pursuant to applicable law, rescinded  or reduced in amount,
          or must otherwise be restored  or returned by any obligee of  the
          Guaranteed  Obligations,  whether  as  a  "voidable  preference",
          "fraudulent conveyance", or otherwise, all as though such payment
          or performance had not been made.  In the event that any payment,
          or  any  part  thereof,  is   rescinded,  reduced,  restored,  or
          returned, the Guaranteed Obligations shall, to the fullest extent
          permitted by law, be reinstated  and deemed reduced only by  such
          amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

               SECTION 12.    Limitation of  Obligation.    Notwithstanding
          anything else  herein  to  the contrary,  the  liability  of  the
          Subsidiary Guarantor  under this  Guaranty shall  not exceed  the
          greater of (i) 95% of the Adjusted Net Assets (as  defined below)
          of the  Subsidiary Guarantor on the  date of delivery  hereof and
          (ii) 95%  of the  Adjusted Net Assets  (as defined below)  of the
          Subsidiary  Guarantor  on  the  date  of any  payment  hereunder;
          provided, that nothing in this  Section 11 shall be construed  to
          limit  the liability of the Subsidiary  Guarantor under any other
          Loan Document  to which it is, or may  be, a party. "Adjusted Net
          Assets" of  any Subsidiary Guarantor at any date means the lesser
          of (x) the amount by which the fair value of the property of such
          Subsidiary  Guarantor (including,  without limitation,  rights of
          subrogation, contribution,  and similar rights) exceeds the total
          amount of liabilities, including, without limitation,  contingent
          liabilities, but  excluding liabilities  under this  Guaranty, of
          the Subsidiary Guarantor at such date and (y) the amount by which
          the present  fair salable value of  the assets of  the Subsidiary
          Guarantor (including, without  limitation, rights of subrogation,
          contribution, and similar rights) at such date exceeds the amount
          that  will  be required  to  pay the  probable  liability of  the
          Subsidiary Guarantor on its debts,  excluding debt in respect  of
          this Guaranty, as they become absolute and matured.

               SECTION 13.  GOVERNING LAW.  THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED
          BY, AND CONSTRUED  IN ACCORDANCE WITH,  THE LAWS OF THE  STATE OF
          NEW YORK.

               SECTION 14.  WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR
          IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL  RIGHT TO TRIAL BY  JURY IN ANY ACTION  OR
          PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER,



                                        - 120 -
                                               - 120 -<PAGE>





          UNDER  THE CREDIT  AGREEMENT OR  UNDER  THE OTHER  LOAN DOCUMENTS
          RELATIVE TO EACH OF THE FOREGOING.

               IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Subsidiary Guarantor has caused this
          Guaranty  to  be  duly  executed  and  delivered  by  its officer
          thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

                                             [SUBSIDIARY GUARANTOR]




          By:____________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:





































                                        - 121 -
                                               - 121 -<PAGE>








                           ASSIGNMENT OF INTERCOMPANY NOTE


               ASSIGNMENT OF INTERCOMPANY NOTE dated  as of the 3rd day  of
          October 1994, made by A.L.  PHARMA, INC. (formerly known as  A.L.
          Laboratories,  Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the "Assignor"), in
          favor of UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as agent  (the "Assignee") for the
          Banks (as hereinafter defined).

                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS,   A.L. Restructuring Sub,  Inc. (now known  as A.L.
          Laboratories, Inc.) (the  "Borrower") has  entered into a  Credit
          Agreement  dated as of  September 28,  1994 with the  Banks party
          thereto (collectively, the "Banks"), the  Assignee, Union Bank of
          Norway, as Arranger, and Den  norske Bank AS, as Co-Arranger  (as
          such agreement may be amended, supplemented or restated from time
          to time, the "Credit Agreement") pursuant to which the Banks have
          made certain  commitments to make loans to  the Borrower up to an
          aggregate principal amount of U.S. $185,000,000; and

               WHEREAS,  A.L.  Pharma  A/S,   a  Danish  corporation   (the
          "Obligor") has entered  into an  intercompany loan agreement  and
          promissory note with the Assignor  dated as of December 31,  1993
          (as the same may be  amended, supplemented or restated from  time
          to  time,  the  "Intercompany  Note")  whereby  the  Obligor  has
          promised to  pay to  the Assignor  the principal  amount of  U.S.
          $20,634,272.26 in accordance with the terms thereof; and 

               WHEREAS, it is a condition  precedent to the funding of  any
          Loans by the Banks under  the Credit Agreement that the  Assignor
          execute and  deliver this Agreement for the benefit of the Banks,
          and the  Assignor desires to  execute this  Agreement to  satisfy
          such condition precedent;

               NOW,  THEREFORE, for  good and  valuable  consideration, the
          receipt and  sufficiency of  which are  hereby acknowledged,  the
          undersigned hereby covenants and agrees as follows (and except as
          otherwise  defined  herein,  capitalized  terms  used  herein and
          defined  in  the Credit  Agreement  shall be  used  herein as  so
          defined): 

               Section 1.   Assignment of Interest.  To secure the payment,
          observance and performance of the obligations of the Borrower and
          the Parent Guarantor (the "Companies")  under the Loan Documents,
          the Assignor hereby pledges, assigns, grants, transfers and makes
          over unto the Assignee (a)  the Intercompany Note, (b) any  other


                                        - 122 -
                                               - 122 - <PAGE>





          promissory note made, or agreement  entered into, in substitution
          or in addition thereto or otherwise evidencing the obligations of
          the Obligor thereunder and (c) all rights, interests and benefits
          arising thereunder  due  to the  Assignor, and  (c)  any and  all
          proceeds of the foregoing (collectively the "Collateral").

               Section 2.   Representations and  Warranties.  The  Assignor
          represents and agrees that:

               (a)  The pledge and assignment of the Collateral provided in
                    Section 1  above  shall  be held  by  the  Assignee  as
                    general and  continuing  collateral  security  for  the
                    fulfillment  of  all  obligations, present  or  future,
                    direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, matured  or
                    not, of  the Companies under  the Loan Documents  or of
                    the Assignor hereunder;

               (b)  The address  of the Assignor  and the  location of  the
                    Collateral as well as its books and records relating to
                    the  Collateral is  set out  opposite its  name  on the
                    signature  page  hereof, and  it  will not  change such
                    address  or location  without  giving  the Assignee  at
                    least ten (10)  days' prior written  notice of the  new
                    address and  location and the date at which such change
                    shall take effect;

               (c)  The Assignor shall  deliver and pledge to  the Assignee
                    any  and all  instruments evidencing,  representing, or
                    arising  from or  existing in  respect of,  any  of the
                    Collateral   (including,   without    limitation,   the
                    Intercompany Note), endorsed and/or accompanied by such
                    instruments of assignment and transfer in such form and
                    substance as the Assignee may request; and

               (d)  Prior to  or concurrently  with the  execution and  the
                    delivery of  this Assignment,  the Assignor  shall file
                    such financing statements  and other documents  in such
                    offices  as  the  Assignee  may reasonably  request  to
                    perfect the security interest granted herein.

               (e)  Prior to  or concurrently  with the  execution and  the
                    delivery of this Assignment, the Assignor shall procure
                    the  execution  and  delivery  by  the Obligor  to  the
                    Assignee  of an  acknowledgement and agreement  to this
                    Assignment in substantially the form attached hereto as
                    Schedule A. 

               Section 3.   Remedies on Default.   Upon the  occurrence and
          during the continuance of an Event of Default:



                                        - 123 -
                                               - 123 - <PAGE>





               (a)  Any and all payments of  principal, premium or interest
                    on   the  Collateral,  including  but  not  limited  to
                    prepayments of the  loan evidenced by the  Intercompany
                    Note, shall be paid directly to the Assignee;

               (b)  The  Assignor  expressly  authorizes  the  Assignee  to
                    collect, demand, sue for, enforce, recover and  receive
                    the Collateral and  all security  therefor and to  give
                    valid  and binding receipts and discharges therefor and
                    in  respect thereof, the  whole to the  same extent and
                    with the  same  effect  as if  the  Assignee  were  the
                    absolute owner thereof and without  regard to the state
                    of accounts between the Assignor and the Banks;

               (c)  The Assignee  may assign or otherwise dispose of any or
                    all  of  the  Collateral and  realize  on  the security
                    therefor   in   such  manner,   upon  such   terms  and
                    conditions, for such consideration and  at such time or
                    times as the  Assignee may  deem expedient and  without
                    notice to the  Assignor and  without any liability  for
                    any loss resulting therefrom.

               Section 4.  Application of Proceeds.  Any moneys received in
          respect  of  the  Collateral and  all  security  therefor  may be
          applied by the Assignee against  any obligation of either of  the
          Companies to the Banks under  the Loan Documents as the  Assignee
          deems best or held in a separate collateral account for such time
          as the Assignee may  see fit and  then applied as aforesaid,  the
          whole without prejudice to any claim for any deficiency.

               Section 5.  Further Assurances.  The  Assignor covenants and
          agrees,  at  the  request  of the  Assignee  or  its  managers or
          officials, from time  to time to  do, make and  execute all  such
          further assignments,  deeds, documents, acts, matters  and things
          as  may  be required  by  the  Assignee or  any  such manager  or
          official with  respect to all  or any  of the Collateral  and all
          security therefor or as  may be required to give effect  to these
          presents or in the exercise of the powers on  the Assignee hereby
          conferred, and the  Assignor hereby constitutes and  appoints the
          Assignee,  the  true   and  lawful  attorney  of   the  Assignor,
          irrevocable,  with full  power of substitution,  to do,  make and
          execute all such assignments, deeds, documents, acts, matters and
          things as the Assignor has  agreed by these presents to do,  make
          and  execute  or as  may  be required  to  give  effect to  these
          presents  or in the exercise of the powers of the Assignee hereby
          conferred,  with  the  right  to use  the  name  of  the Assignor
          whenever and wherever it may be deemed necessary or expedient.

               Section 6.  Filings.   The Assignor authorizes the  Assignee
          to  effect  all  filings  or  registrations  in  respect  of this


                                        - 124 -
                                               - 124 - <PAGE>





          assignment as may be deemed  useful to preserve the interests  of
          the Assignee and the Banks hereunder.

               Section  7.    Additional Security;  Successor  Agent.   The
          present  assignment  is   given  in  addition   to  and  not   in
          substitution for any  similar assignment heretofore given  to and
          still held by the Assignee or the Banks (as  the case may be) and
          is  taken  by  the  Assignee  as   additional  security  for  the
          fulfillment of the  aforesaid obligations of the  Companies under
          the Loan  Documents  and shall  not operate  as a  merger of  any
          simple contract debt or in any way suspend the fulfillment of, or
          prejudice  or  affect the  rights,  remedies  and powers  of  the
          Assignee  or the Banks  (as the case  may be) in  respect of, the
          said obligations  or any securities held  by the Assignee  or the
          Banks  for  the  fulfillment  thereof.  Notwithstanding  anything
          herein  contained, the  Assignee may  resign as  Agent under  the
          Credit Agreement  and a successor Agent  may be appointed  in the
          manner  provided in the Credit Agreement.  Upon the acceptance of
          any appointment  as Agent  by a successor  Agent, that  successor
          Agent shall thereupon succeed to  and become vested with all  the
          rights, powers,  privileges and duties  of the retiring  Agent as
          Assignee under this  Agreement and this Agreement  shall continue
          to apply mutatis mutandis.

               Section 8.  Acknowledgement of Receipt of Intercompany Note.
          Upon  the  execution  and delivery  of  this  Assignment and  the
          delivery  by  the  Assignor  of  the  Intercompany  Note  to  the
          Assignee,   the   Assignee   shall   execute   and   deliver   an
          acknowledgement   of  receipt   of  the   Intercompany  Note   in
          substantially the form attached hereto as Schedule B.

               Section  9.   Continued  Enjoyment.   Except  to  the extent
          otherwise provided  for herein  or in  any  other Loan  Document,
          until such time as  an Event of Default shall  have occurred, the
          Assignor  shall  enjoy  all  rights and  benefits  in  or  to the
          Collateral.

               Section  10.  Successors and  Assigns.  This Agreement shall
          be   binding   on  the   Assignor   and  the   heirs,  executors,
          administrators, successors and assigns of  the Assignor and shall
          enure to  the benefit  of the  Assignee and  the Banks and  their
          respective successors and assigns.

               Section 11.  Governing Law.  THE PRESENT ASSIGNMENT SHALL BE
          GOVERNED BY,  AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE  WITH, THE LAWS  OF THE
          STATE OF NEW YORK. 

               Section 12.   Submission to Jurisdiction.   Any legal action
          or proceeding  with respect to this Assignment, or to enforce any
          judgment  obtained against  the Assignor, may  be brought  in the


                                        - 125 -
                                               - 125 - <PAGE>





          courts of  the State of New York or  in the United States Federal
          courts in the State of New York sitting in the  City of New York,
          and, by execution  and delivery of this  Assignment, the Assignor
          hereby  consents  to  the   non-exclusive  jurisdiction  of   the
          aforesaid  courts solely for  the purpose  of any such  action or
          proceeding, and irrevocably  consents to  the service of  process
          out of the aforesaid courts  in any such action or  proceeding by
          the  mailing  thereof by  United  States registered  mail  to the
          Assignor  at its address specified on  the signature page hereof.
          Final judgment against  the Assignor (a certified  or exemplified
          copy of which shall be conclusive evidence of the fact and of the
          amount of any Indebtedness of  the Assignor therein described) in
          any such  action or  proceeding shall  be conclusive  and may  be
          enforced in any other jurisdiction by suit on such judgment.  The
          Assignor also  hereby irrevocably appoints the person who then is
          the Secretary of State of the State of New York as such agent for
          service of process.  Nothing herein shall affect the right of the
          Assignee  to commence  legal  proceedings  or  otherwise  proceed
          against the Assignor in any other jurisdiction.

               Section  13.    WAIVER  OF  JURY  TRIAL.    THE  UNDERSIGNED
          IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL  RIGHT TO TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION OR
          PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER,
          UNDER  THE CREDIT AGREEMENT   OR  UNDER THE OTHER  LOAN DOCUMENTS
          RELATIVE TO EACH OF THE FOREGOING.

               Section 14.    Headings  and  Titles.   The  Section  titles
          contained  in this Agreement are and shall be without substantive
          meaning or content of  any kind whatsoever and are not  a part of
          the agreement between the parties hereto.

               Section 15.   Counterparts.  This Agreement may be signed in
          any number of counterparts, each  of which shall be an  original,
          with the same effect  as if the signatures thereto  were upon the
          same instrument.

















                                        - 126 -
                                               - 126 - <PAGE>







               IN WITNESS WHEREOF the Assignor has caused this Agreement to
          be  executed  as of  the  date first  above written  by  its duly
          appointed officer. 



                                             A.L. PHARMA INC.



                                             By: ________________________
                                                 Name:    
                                            Title:


                                        Address:

                                        One Executive Drive
                                        P.O. Box 1399
                                        Fort Lee, NJ 07024

                                        Attention:  Albert N. Marchio, II
                                                  Treasurer

                                        Telecopier: (201) 947-5541

                                        ACCEPTED

                                        UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent

                  


                                        By: _________________________
                                            Name:
                                            Title:


                                        Address:

                                        Kirkegaten 18, Oslo
                                        P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
                                        N-0107 Oslo
                                        Norway

                                        Attention:  Loan Administration
                                        Telecopier: 011-47-22-31-86-40



                                        - 127 -
                                               - 127 - <PAGE>





                                                                 Schedule A


                             ACKNOWLEDGEMENT AND AGREEMENT

               The undersigned, A.L. PHARMA A/S, hereby:

               -    acknowledges  having  received  copies of  each  of  the
                    Credit Agreement and the foregoing assignment;

               -    confirms its acceptance of the foregoing assignment; 

               -    specifically agrees that the Assignee may directly claim
                    from it  any and all of  its obligations to  A.L. Pharma
                    Inc. (formerly  known as A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.) under
                    the  Intercompany   Note  described  in   the  foregoing
                    assignment and may directly benefit from and enforce any
                    security therefor;

          and  agrees  to be  bound  by  the  terms  and conditions  of  the
          foregoing assignment insofar as applicable to it.

          Dated:  as of October 3, 1994

                                             A.L. PHARMA A/S       

                         

                                             By: ________________________
                                                 Name:
                                                 Title:





















                                        - 128 -
                                               - 128 - <PAGE>





                                                                  Schedule B

                              ACKNOWLEDGEMENT OF RECEIPT


               The undersigned, UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent for the banks
          party to the Credit Agreement,  hereby acknowledges receipt of the
          Intercompany Note described in the foregoing assignment.


          Dated:  as of October 3, 1994                UNION BANK OF NORWAY,
          as Agent



                                             By:____________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


                                             Address:

                                             Kirkegaten 18, Oslo
                                             P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
                                             N-0107 Oslo
                                             Norway

                                             Attention:  Loan Administration
                                             Telecopier: 011-47-22-31-86-40























                                        - 129 -
                                               - 129 - <PAGE>






                                                                   EXHIBIT I


                               NOTICE OF INTEREST PERIOD




                                                        _____________, 199__




          Union Bank of Norway,
            as Agent for
            the Banks parties to the
            Credit Agreement referred to below
          ____________________
          ____________________



          Ladies and Gentlemen:



               In  connection  with  the  Credit   Agreement,  dated  as  of

          September 28, 1994, among A.L.  Restructuring Sub, Inc. (now known

          as A.L.  Laboratories, Inc.),  as Borrower  (the "Borrower"),  the

          Banks named therein, Union Bank of Norway, as Agent, Union Bank of

          Norway, as  Arranger, and Den norske Bank AS, as Co-Arranger (such

          agreement,  as  it  may  be  amended,  supplemented  or  otherwise

          modified, the "Credit Agreement", the  terms defined therein being

          used  herein  as  therein  defined),  this notice  represents  the

          Borrower's  request,  pursuant  to  Section   5.1  of  the  Credit

          Agreement,  that the next Interest Period relating to the [Tranche

          A Term Loans] [Tranche B Term Loans] [Revolving Loans] made to the

          Borrower on  ____________  have a  duration of  [1]  [3] [6]  [12]


                                        - 130 -<PAGE>





          months commencing on ______________  and ending on ______________,

          19__.  [In  the event that the Borrower's request  for an Interest

          Period having a duration of 12 months is denied, then the Borrower

          requests that  the next Interest Period have a duration of [1] [3]

          [6]   months   commencing   on   _____________   and   ending   on

          ______________, 19__.



               The  undersigned  hereby  certifies that,  before  and  after

          giving effect to the foregoing,  no Event of Default has  occurred

          and is continuing or would result therefrom.



               The undersigned hereby certifies that all representations and

          warranties  of  the  undersigned, as  Borrower,  contained  in the

          Credit Agreement  are true and correct in all material respects as

          though such representations and warranties had been made on and as

          of the date hereof.



                                   A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.

          (formerly known as A.L. Restructuring  
          Sub, Inc.)



                                   By:________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:








                                        - 131 -
                                                - 131 -<PAGE>






                                                            2499.6005


           October 3, 1994


           UNION BANK OF NORWAY,
           as Agent, Arranger and Bank

           -and-

           Den norske Bank AS, as Co-Arranger
           and each of the Banks listed on
           Exhibit A hereto parties to 
           the Credit Agreement described
           below

           Dear Sirs/Madames:

                              Re:  A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.
                                   US$185,000,000 Credit Agreement

               We have acted as your special New York counsel in connection
           with the transaction contemplated  by the Credit Agreement dated
           as  of September 28, 1994 among A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc. (to
           be renamed A.L. Laboratories, Inc.), a Delaware corporation (the
           "Borrower"), each of the banks parties thereto from time to time
           (the "Banks"), Union  Bank of  Norway, as Agent,  Union Bank  of
           Norway, as  Arranger, and Den  norske Bank  AS, as  Co-Arranger.
           Terms used herein and  not otherwise defined herein are  used as
           defined in the Credit Agreement.

               In rendering  this opinion,  we have examined  the documents
           listed  in Schedule 1 hereto.   Documents (1) - (12) thereon are
           collectively  referred to  herein as the  "Operative Documents".
           We  have also examined the originals, or copies certified to our
           satisfaction, of  such other  corporate records of  the Borrower
           and each other Loan Party, certificates of public  officials and
           of  officers  of the  Borrower and  each  other Loan  Party, and
           agreements, instruments  and other documents, as  we have deemed
           necessary  as a basis for  the opinions expressed  below.  As to
           questions of  fact  material to  such  opinions, we  have,  when
           relevant facts were not  independently established by us, relied
           upon representations  and warranties of the  certificates of the
           Loan  Parties   or  their  respective  officers   or  of  public
           officials.

               In  our examination of  the documents referred  to above, we
           have  assumed the genuineness of  all signatures on original and
           certified  documents,  the authenticity  of  all  such documents
           submitted  to us as  original documents,  and the  conformity to
           original or certified documents of all documents submitted to us

                                        - 132 -
                                                - 132 -<PAGE>



           Union Bank of Norway, as Agent, et al.
             October 3, 1994                              133.



           as photocopies.  We have  assumed the due execution and delivery
           of the  Operative Documents,  pursuant to due  authorization, by
           the Banks, the Agent, the Arranger and the Co-Arranger.

               To  the extent  that  our opinions  expressed below  involve
           conclusions as  to the matters  set forth in the  opinions dated
           the  date hereof  of  Kirkland &  Ellis and  of  Beth P.  Hecht,
           Corporate  Counsel  of the  Borrower,  we  have assumed  without
           independent investigation  the  correctness of  the matters  set
           forth  in  such  opinions,  our  opinion  being subject  to  the
           assumptions, qualifications and limitations set forth in each of
           the foregoing opinions with respect thereto.

               Based upon the  foregoing, and having  regard for the  legal
           considerations which  we deem relevant,  we are  of the  opinion
           that each  Operative Document  is the legal,  valid and  binding
           obligation   of  each  Loan  Party   that  is  a  party  thereto
           enforceable  against  such Loan  Party  in  accordance with  its
           terms.

               The   foregoing   opinion  is   subject  to   the  following
           qualifications:

               (a)  Our  opinion above  is  subject to  the  effect of  any
           applicable  bankruptcy, reorganization,  insolvency, moratorium,
           fraudulent conveyance or other  similar laws affecting generally
           the  enforcement  of creditors'  rights  from  time to  time  in
           effect.

               (b)  Our opinion above is  subject to the effect of  general
           principles of equity, including (without limitation) concepts of
           materiality,  reasonableness,  good   faith  and  fair   dealing
           (regardless  of whether considered in a  proceeding in equity or
           at law).

               (c)  Our views with regard to fraudulent conveyance laws are
           contained  in a separate  memorandum dated  August 10,  1994, to
           which your attention is directed.

               (d)  We express  no opinion as  to (i) the last  sentence of
           Section 5.10 of the Credit Agreement; (ii) the effect of the law
           of any jurisdiction  (other than the State of  New York) wherein
           the  Lending  Office of  any  Bank  may  be located  or  wherein
           enforcement  of the  Credit Agreement  and/or the  Notes  may be
           sought that limits the rates of interest which may be charged or
           collected by such  Bank; (iii) whether a Federal  or state court
           outside of the State of New York would give effect to the choice
           of New  York law  provided for in  the Operative  Documents; and
           (iv)  the  first sentence  of  Section  12.10(a) of  the  Credit
           Agreement,  insofar  as such  sentence  relates  to the  subject
           matter jurisdiction of the United States District Court  for the


                                        - 133 -
                                                - 133 -<PAGE>



           Union Bank of Norway, as Agent, et al.
             October 3, 1994                                    134.



           Southern  District of  New  York to  adjudicate any  controversy
           related to the Credit Agreement or the Notes.

               (e)  Our opinions expressed above are  limited to the law of
           the  State of New York and the  Federal law of the United States
           of America, and we do  not express any opinion herein concerning
           any other law.

               This opinion  is furnished to  you by us  as counsel  to the
           Agent pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(iv) of the Credit Agreement, is
           issued solely  for the benefit  of the Agent, the  Arranger, the
           Co-Arranger and  the Banks  listed on Exhibit  A hereto,  may be
           relied  upon  solely by  such  parties  in connection  with  the
           transaction described herein and is not to be made available to,
           or relied upon by, any other person, firm or entity.

                                             Very truly yours,




































                                        - 134 -
                                                - 134 -<PAGE>



                                       EXHIBIT A
                         to the Opinion dated October 3, 1994
                             of Watson, Farley & Williams


                                         Banks


           THE FIRST NATIONAL BANK OF BOSTON
           100 Federal Street
           Boston, MA 02106

           BIKUBEN A/S
           8 Silkegade
           Ko            /             benhavn
           Denmark

           CORESTATES NATIONAL BANK, N.A.
           FC 1-1-5-3
           1345 Chestnut Street
           Philadelphia, PA  19101

           THE DAIWA BANK, LIMITED
           450 Lexington Avenue
           New York, New York  10017

           DEN NORSKE BANK AS
           Stranden 21
           P.O. Box 1171 Sentrum
           0107 Oslo
           Norway

           UNIBANK A/S
           2. Torvegade
           Kobenhavn
           Denmark

           UNITED JERSEY BANK
           25 East Salem Street
           Hackensack, NJ  07602

           UNION BANK OF NORWAY
           Kirkegaten 18, Oslo
           N-0107 Oslo, Norway<PAGE>



                                      SCHEDULE 1
                         to the Opinion dated October 3, 1994
                             of Watson, Farley & Williams



           16. The Credit Agreement  dated as of  September 28, 1994  among
               the Borrower, the Banks, the Agent, the Arranger and the Co-
               Arranger.

           17. The Tranche A Term Notes,  each dated October 3, 1994, which
               were executed and  delivered by the Borrower to  each of the
               Banks making a Tranche A Term Loan.

           18. The Tranche B Term Notes,  each dated October 3, 1994, which
               were executed and  delivered by the Borrower to  each of the
               Banks making a Tranche B Term Loan.

           19. The Revolving Notes, each dated October  3, 1994, which were
               executed and delivered by the  Borrower to each of the Banks
               making a Revolving Loan.

           20. The Parent Guaranty dated as  of September 28, 1994, made by
               A.L.  Pharma, Inc.  in favor  of the  Banks, the  Agent, the
               Arranger  and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter alia, the
               obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           21. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               Barre  Parent Corporation in favor of  the Banks, the Agent,
               the Arranger and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter  alia,
               the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           22. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               Barre National, Inc.  in favor of the Banks,  the Agent, the
               Arranger and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter  alia, the
               obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           23. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               NMC Laboratories, Inc. in favor of the Banks, the Agent, the
               Arranger and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing,  inter alia, the
               obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           24. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               Parmed  Pharmaceuticals, Inc.   in  favor of the  Banks, the
               Agent, the Arranger and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter
               alia,  the  obligations  of  the  Borrower  under  the  Loan
               Documents.

           25. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               Mikjan Corporation  in favor  of the  Banks, the  Agent, the
               Arranger and the Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter alia,  the
               obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           26. The Subsidiary Guaranty dated as of October 3, 1994, made by
               Wade Jones Company,  Inc. in favor of the  Banks, the Agent,



                                        - 136 -
                                                - 136 -<PAGE>



               the Arranger and the  Co-Arranger, guaranteeing, inter alia,
               the obligations of the Borrower under the Loan Documents.

           27. The  Assignment of Intercompany Loan  dated as of October 3,
               1994 made  by the Parent Guarantor in favor of the Agent and
               relating to certain obligations of A.L. Pharma A/S.




















































                                        - 137 -
                                                - 137 -<PAGE>




                                                                  EXHIBIT K


                                   FORM OF NOTICE OF
                               ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE



                                                         ____________, 199_



               Reference  is made  to  the Credit  Agreement,  dated as  of

           September  28, 1994,  among  A.L. Restructuring  Sub, Inc.  (now

           known as A.L. Laboratories, Inc.), as Borrower (the "Borrower"),

           the Banks named  therein, Union Bank of Norway,  as Agent, Union

           Bank  of Norway,  as Arranger,  and Den  norske Bank AS,  as Co-

           Arranger (such agreement, as it may be  amended, supplemented or

           otherwise modified, the  "Credit Agreement",  the terms  defined

           therein being used herein as therein defined).



               ____________________ (the  "Assignor") and _________________

           (the "Assignee") agree as follows:



               1.   The Assignor hereby sells  and assigns to the Assignee,

           and the Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from the Assignor,

           [an][that] interest  in and to  [that portion of its  rights and

           obligations under  the Credit Agreement which  represents a part

           of its Ratable Portion of the  Loans totalling $_____________ as

           of  the effective  date of  the  Assignment and  Acceptance (the

           "Assignment Effective Date") (as  determined below)] [all of the

           Assignor's rights and obligations  under the Credit Agreement as

           of  the effective  date of  the Assignment  and Acceptance  (the

           "Assignment  Effective   Date")  (as  determined   below)  which


                                         - 1 -<PAGE>



           represents  the  Assignor's  Ratable Portion  of  the  aggregate

           [Tranche  A  Term  Commitments]  [Tranche  B  Term  Commitments]

           [Revolving  Loan Commitments]  specified on  Schedule II  to the

           Credit Agreement  and of all outstanding Loans  under the Credit

           Agreement].   After giving effect  to such sale  and assignment,

           the Assignee's  Commitment shall be  as set forth on  Schedule I

           hereto.



               2.   The Assignor (i) represents and warrants that it is the

           legal and beneficial owner of  the interest being assigned by it

           hereunder  and that  such  interest  is free  and  clear of  any

           adverse  claim; (ii)  makes  no representation  or warranty  and

           assumes  no  responsibility  with  respect  to  any  statements,

           warranties or representations made in  or in connection with the

           Credit   Agreement  or   the   execution,  legality,   validity,

           enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or  value of the Credit

           Agreement or any other  document furnished pursuant thereto; and

           (iii)  makes  no  representation  or  warranty  and  assumes  no

           responsibility with  respect to  the financial condition  of the

           Borrower or the performance or observance by the Borrower of any

           of  its obligations  under  the Credit  Agreement  or any  other

           document furnished pursuant thereto.



               3.   The Assignee  confirms and agrees as  follows: (i) that

           it  has  received  a  copy  of this  Notice  of  Assignment  and

           Acceptance  Agreement, together  with  copies of  the  financial

           statements referred  to in Section  8.8 of the  Credit Agreement

           and  such  other  documents and  information  as  it has  deemed



                                         - 2 -
                                                 - 2 -<PAGE>



           appropriate  to  make its  own credit  analysis and  decision to

           enter into this  Notice of Assignment and Acceptance;  (ii) that

           it will, independently and without  reliance upon the Agent, the

           Arranger, the Co-Arranger,  the Assignor or  any other Bank  and

           based  on  such  documents  and information  as  it  shall  deem

           appropriate  at  the  time,  continue  to  make  its own  credit

           decisions in  taking  or  not taking  action  under  the  Credit

           Agreement;  (iii) that it  appoints and authorizes  the Agent to

           take such action  as agent  on its behalf  and to exercise  such

           powers under the Credit Agreement  as are delegated to the Agent

           by   the  terms  thereof,  together  with  such  powers  as  are

           reasonably  incidental thereto;  (iv)  that it  will perform  in

           accordance with  its terms all  of the obligations which  by the

           terms of the Credit Agreement are required to be performed by it

           as a  Bank; and (v) that  its Lending Office (and  addresses for

           notices  and for  service of  process) is  the office  set forth

           beneath its name on the signature page hereof.



               4.   The    Assignment     Effective    Date     shall    be

           _________________. Following  the execution  of  this Notice  of

           Assignment and  Acceptance, it shall  be delivered to  the Agent

           for  acceptance and  recording  by  the  Agent together  with  a

           recording fee in the amount of $1,500.



               5.   [This Notice of Assignment and Acceptance is subject to

           the prior  written  consent  of  the  Borrower.]*    Upon  [such

                               

                *   To be inserted  if the Assignee is not (a)  a Bank, (b)
                    an  Affiliate of  a  Bank which  actually controls,  is
                    controlled  by, or  is under  common control  with such

                                         - 3 -
                                                 - 3 -<PAGE>



           consent by the Borrower and] acceptance and the recording hereof

           in the  Register by  the Agent, as  of the  Assignment Effective

           Date (i)  the Assignee shall be a party to the Credit Agreement,

           and shall  have the rights and  obligations of a Bank  under the

           Credit  Agreement and  (ii) the  Assignor shall,  to the  extent

           provided in  this  Assignment  and  Acceptance,  relinquish  its

           rights and  be released  from its  obligations under the  Credit

           Agreement.



               6.   Upon such  acceptance and recording by  the Agent, from

           and  after the Assignment  Effective Date, the  Agent shall make

           all  payments  under the  Credit  Agreement  in respect  of  the

           interests  assigned hereby  (including, without  limitation, all

           payments of  principal, interest and fees  with respect thereto)

           to the  Assignee.  The  Assignor  and Assignee  shall  make  all

           appropriate adjustments  in payments under the  Credit Agreement

           for  periods prior  to  the Assignment  Effective Date  directly

           between themselves.



               7.   THIS NOTICE  OF  ASSIGNMENT  AND  ACCEPTANCE  SHALL  BE

           GOVERNED BY,  AND CONSTRUED IN  ACCORDANCE WITH THE LAWS  OF THE

           STATE OF NEW YORK.



               8.   The Assignee agrees not to sell any assignments  of, or

           grant participations in,  its commitments or its Loans except in

           accordance with the Credit Agreement.


                               

                    Bank, or  (c) a Federal Reserve  Bank immediately prior
                    to the Assignment Effective Date.

                                         - 4 -
                                                 - 4 -<PAGE>



                                             [ASSIGNOR]


                                             By:__________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


                                             [ASSIGNEE]


                                             By:__________________
                                                Name:
                                                Title:


                                             Lending Office:

                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________


                                             Address for Notice Purposes:

                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________
                                             Attn:
                                             Telephone:
                                             Telecopier:


                                             Address    for    Service   of
           Process:

                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________
                                             ________________________
                                             Attn:
                                             Telephone:
                                             Telecopier:



           [Approved this     day
           of ______________, 19__


           A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.
           (formerly known as A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc.)


           By:__________________
              Name:



                                         - 5 -
                                                 - 5 -<PAGE>



              Title:              ]**




           Accepted this day
           of __________, 19__

           UNION BANK OF NORWAY,
           as Agent


           By:___________________
              Name:
              Title:



































                               

                **   To be inserted if the  Assignee is not (a) a  Bank, (b)
                    an  Affiliate of  a  Bank which  actually controls,  is
                    controlled  by, or  is under  common control  with such
                    Bank, or  (c) a Federal Reserve  Bank immediately prior
                    to the Assignment Effective Date.

                                         - 6 -
                                                 - 6 -<PAGE>



                                      SCHEDULE I
                                          TO
                          NOTICE OF ASSIGNMENT AND ACCEPTANCE
                               DATED ____________, 199__




           Type of Commitment and Loan Assigned:        ________________   


           Portion Assigned:                              ________________%


           Assignee's Commitment                          ________________%











































                                         - 7 -
                                                 - 7 -<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>








                                                             CONFORMED COPY



                                   PARENT GUARANTY


               GUARANTY, dated  as  of September  28,  1994, made  by  A.L.
          Laboratories, Inc.  (to be renamed A.L. Pharma  Inc.), a Delaware
          corporation  (together  with  its  successors  and  assigns,  the
          "Guarantor"), in favor  of the banks (the  "Banks") parties, from
          time to time, to  the Credit Agreement (as defined  below), Union
          Bank  of Norway as agent (the "Agent"),  Union Bank of Norway, as
          arranger (the "Arranger"), and Den norske Bank AS, as co-arranger
          (the "Co-Arranger",  and collectively  with the Banks,  the Agent
          and the Arranger, the "Guaranteed Parties").

                                 W I T N E S S E T H:

               WHEREAS, the Guaranteed Parties have entered into the Credit
          Agreement dated as of  September 28, 1994 (said agreement,  as it
          may hereafter be amended, supplemented or otherwise modified from
          time to time, being the "Credit Agreement", and the terms defined
          therein and  not otherwise  defined herein  being used herein  as
          therein defined) with A.L. Restructuring Sub, Inc. (to be renamed
          A.L. Laboratories,  Inc.), a  corporation organized and  existing
          under the laws of the State of Delaware (the "Borrower"),  or any
          successor thereto;

               WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent  to the Initial Funding
          Date  under the Credit Agreement that  the Parent Guarantor shall
          have executed and delivered this Guaranty;

               NOW,  THEREFORE, in  consideration  of the  premises and  in
          order to  induce the  Banks to  make the  loans under the  Credit
          Agreement, the  Parent Guarantor  hereby agrees as  follows (with
          terms being used as defined in Section 15):

               SECTION  1.     Guaranty.    The   Parent  Guarantor  hereby
          unconditionally and  irrevocably guarantees the  punctual payment
          when  due,  whether  at   stated  maturity,  by  acceleration  or
          otherwise, of all  obligations of the  Borrower now or  hereafter
          existing under  the Loan  Documents, whether for  borrowed money,
          interest, fees or any other  amounts due thereunder or  otherwise
          (the   "Guaranteed  Obligations")   and  any  and   all  expenses
          (including counsel fees and  expenses) reasonably incurred by any
          Guaranteed Party in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty.

               SECTION  2.    Guaranty  Absolute.    The  Parent  Guarantor
          guarantees  that  the  obligations   will  be  paid  strictly  in
          accordance with the  terms of the  Loan Documents, regardless  of
          any law,  regulation or order now  or hereafter in effect  in any
          jurisdiction affecting any  of such  terms or the  rights of  any<PAGE>





          Guaranteed Party  with respect  thereto.   The  liability of  the
          Parent  Guarantor  under  this  Guaranty shall  be  absolute  and
          unconditional irrespective of:

               (a)  any  lack of  validity  or enforceability  of the  Loan
          Documents  (including this  Guaranty) or  any other  agreement or
          instrument relating thereto;

               (b)  any  change in the time, manner or place of payment of,
          or  in  any  other  term  of,  all   or  any  of  the  Guaranteed
          Obligations, or any other  amendment or waiver of or  any consent
          to departure from the Loan Documents;

               (c)  any   exchange,  release   or   nonperfection  of   any
          collateral, or any release  or amendment or waiver of  or consent
          to departure  from  any other  guaranty, for  all or  any of  the
          Guaranteed Obligations; or

               (d)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
          a defense  available to, or  a discharge  of, the Borrower,  or a
          guarantor.

               SECTION  3.  Waiver.  The Parent Guarantor hereby waives all
          notices with  respect to  any of the  Guaranteed Obligations  and
          this  Guaranty  and any  requirement  that  any Guaranteed  Party
          protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interests or lien
          on any property subject thereto or exhaust any  right or take any
          action against the Borrower, or any other person or entity or any
          collateral.

               SECTION 4.  Subrogation.  (a) The Parent Guarantor shall not
          exercise  any rights  which  it  may  have  acquired  by  way  of
          subrogation under this Guaranty, by any payment made hereunder or
          otherwise nor  shall the Parent Guarantor  seek any reimbursement
          from  the  Borrower in  respect of  payments  made by  the Parent
          Guarantor  hereunder,  unless and  until  all  of the  Guaranteed
          Obligations  shall have been paid and discharged, in full, and if
          any payment shall be made  to the Parent Guarantor on account  of
          such subrogation  or reimbursement  rights at  any time  when the
          Guaranteed Obligations  shall not have been  paid and discharged,
          in full, each and every amount so paid shall forthwith be paid to
          the Agent  to  be credited  and  applied against  the  Guaranteed
          Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

               (b)  If, pursuant  to Applicable Law, the  Parent Guarantor,
          by payment  or otherwise, becomes subrogated to all or any of the
          rights of the Guaranteed Parties under any of the Loan Documents,
          the  rights  of  the  Guaranteed  Parties  to  which  the  Parent
          Guarantor shall be  subrogated shall  be accepted  by the  Parent
          Guarantor  "as is" and without any  representation or warranty of
          any  kind by  the Guaranteed  Parties,  express or  implied, with
          respect to the legality, value, validity or enforceability of any

                                        - 2 -<PAGE>





          of   such  rights,   or  the   existence,  availability,   value,
          merchantability  or fitness  for  any particular  purpose of  any
          collateral  and  shall  be  without recourse  to  the  Guaranteed
          Parties.

               SECTION  5.   Representations  and Warranties.   The  Parent
          Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

               (a)  Incorporation  and   Good  Standing.    It   is  (i)  a
          corporation  duly  incorporated,  validly existing  and  in  good
          standing  under the laws of the  State of Delaware; and (ii) duly
          qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation under the
          laws  of each  other  jurisdiction in  which  the failure  so  to
          qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (b)  Corporate  Power and  Authorization.    The  execution,
          delivery and performance by the Parent Guarantor of this Guaranty
          are  within the  Parent Guarantor's  corporate powers,  have been
          duly  authorized  by  all  necessary  corporate  action,  do  not
          contravene the  Parent Guarantor's charter or by-laws, any law or
          any contractual restriction binding  on or affecting and material
          to the  Parent Guarantor, and  do not  result in  or require  the
          creation  of  any  Lien  upon  or  with  respect  to  any  of its
          properties.

               (c)  Authorization.   No authorization, consent  or approval
          or  other  action  by,  and no  notice  to  or  filing  with, any
          Governmental Authority or regulatory body is required for the due
          execution, delivery  and performance  by the Parent  Guarantor of
          this  Guaranty,  other  than  (i)  consents,  authorizations  and
          approvals that have been  obtained, are final and not  subject to
          review on appeal or  to collateral attack, and are in  full force
          and effect and, in the case of any such required under Applicable
          Law as in effect  on the Agreement  Date, are listed on  Schedule
          7.2(a)(iv)  of the  Credit  Agreement, (ii)  notices, filings  or
          registrations  that have been  given or  effected, and  (iii) the
          filing  of copies  of  Loan  Documents  with the  Securities  and
          Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public filings.

               (d)  Valid Guaranty.   This Guaranty is  a legal, valid  and
          binding obligation of the  Parent Guarantor, enforceable  against
          the Parent Guarantor  in accordance with its terms,  except where
          such  enforcement  may  be  limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
          reorganization,  moratorium  or  similar  laws  relating  to   or
          limiting  creditor's  rights  generally  or  equitable principles
          relating to enforceability.

               (e)  Litigation.   There is no pending  or threatened action
          or proceeding affecting the  Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries
          before any  court, governmental  agency or arbitrator,  in which,
          individually  or   in  the  aggregate,  there   is  a  reasonable


                                        - 3 -<PAGE>





          probability of an  adverse decision which  could have a  Material
          Adverse Effect or result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

               (f)  Taxes.  All federal, and all  material state, local and
          foreign tax returns, reports and statements required to  be filed
          by  the Parent  Guarantor or  any of  its Subsidiaries  have been
          filed   with  the  appropriate   governmental  agencies   in  all
          jurisdictions in  which such returns, reports  and statements are
          required to  be  filed.   All consolidated,  combined or  unitary
          returns  which  include  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  any  of  its
          Subsidiaries  have been  filed with the  appropriate governmental
          agencies in all jurisdictions in  which such returns, reports and
          statements are required to  be filed except where such  filing is
          being  contested or  may  be contested.    All federal,  and  all
          material  state,  local  and  foreign taxes,  charges  and  other
          impositions  of the  Parent  Guarantor, its  Subsidiaries or  any
          consolidated, combined or unitary group which includes the Parent
          Guarantor  or any of its  Subsidiaries which are  due and payable
          have  been timely  paid prior  to  the date  on  which any  fine,
          penalty, interest, late charge  or loss may be added  thereto for
          non-payment thereof except  where contested in good  faith and by
          appropriate proceedings  if adequate reserves therefor  have been
          established  on  the  books  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  such
          Subsidiary  in accordance with GAAP.  Proper and accurate amounts
          have been withheld by  or on behalf of  the Parent Guarantor  and
          each of its Subsidiaries from  their respective employees for all
          periods in  full  and complete  compliance with  the tax,  social
          security  and unemployment  withholding provisions  of applicable
          federal, state,  local and foreign law and such withholdings have
          been timely paid to the  respective governmental agencies, in all
          material respects.  Neither  the Parent Guarantor nor any  of its
          Tax  Affiliates  has agreed  or has  been  requested to  make any
          adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change
          in accounting method or otherwise relating to the Borrower or any
          of  its  Subsidiaries which  will affect  a  taxable year  of the
          Parent  Guarantor or a  Tax Affiliate  ending after  December 31,
          1993, which has  not been reflected  in the financial  statements
          delivered  pursuant to  Section  6(g)  and  which  would  have  a
          Material Adverse Effect.  The  Parent Guarantor has no obligation
          to  any Person other than the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor's
          Subsidiaries under any tax sharing agreement or other tax sharing
          arrangement.

               (g)  Financial Information.   (i) The reports  of the Parent
          Guarantor on Form  10-K for  the Fiscal Year  ended December  31,
          1993  and on  Form 10-Q for  the Fiscal Quarters  ended March 31,
          1994  and  June  30, 1994,  the  Proxy  Statement  of the  Parent
          Guarantor dated  August 22, 1994, the  report on Form 8-K  of the
          Parent Guarantor dated August 4, 1994 and the report on Form 8K/A
          of the Parent  Guarantor dated as  of August 22, 1994  which have
          been furnished  to  the Agent  and  each Bank,  are  respectively
          complete  and  correct  in  all  material  respects  as  of  such

                                        - 4 -<PAGE>





          respective dates, and the  financial statements therein have been
          prepared in accordance with GAAP and fairly present the financial
          condition and results  of operations of the  Parent Guarantor and
          its   consolidated  Subsidiaries  as  of  such  respective  dates
          (subject,  in the case  of such reports on  Form 10-Q, to changes
          resulting from normal year-end adjustments).

                    (ii)   Since  December  31,  1993  there  has  been  no
               Material Adverse Change or Material Credit Agreement Change.

                    (iii)  None of the  Parent Guarantor or  any Subsidiary
               of the Parent Guarantor had at June 30, 1994 any obligation,
               contingent liability,  or liability  for taxes or  long-term
               leases material to the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries
               taken  as  a whole  which is  not  reflected in  the balance
               sheets referred to in  subsection (i) above or in  the notes
               thereto.

               (h)  ERISA.

                    (i)    No liability under Sections 4062, 4063,  4064 or
               4069  of ERISA  has  been  or  is  expected  by  the  Parent
               Guarantor  to be  incurred  by the  Parent Guarantor  or any
               ERISA  Affiliate  with  respect  to  any  Plan  which  is  a
               Single-Employer Plan  in an amount that  could reasonably be
               expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

                    (ii)   No Plan  which is a Single-Employer  Plan had an
               accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, as of
               the last  day of  the most recent  fiscal year of  such Plan
               ended  prior  to  the  date  hereof.    Neither  the  Parent
               Guarantor nor  any ERISA Affiliate  is (A) required  to give
               security  to  any  Plan  which  is  a  Single-Employer  Plan
               pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code or Section 307 of
               ERISA, or  (B) subject  to a  Lien in favor  of such  a Plan
               under Section 302(f) of ERISA.

                    (iii)  Each Plan  of the Parent Guarantor,  each of its
               Subsidiaries  and  each  of   its  ERISA  Affiliates  is  in
               compliance  in  all material  respects  with  the applicable
               provisions  of ERISA and the Code,  except where the failure
               to comply would not result in any Material Adverse Effect.

                    (iv)   Neither  the Parent  Guarantor  nor any  of  its
               Subsidiaries has incurred a tax liability under Section 4975
               of the  Code or a penalty  under Section 502(i)  of ERISA in
               respect of any Plan  which has not been paid in full, except
               where the incurrence of such tax or penalty would not result
               in a Material Adverse Effect.

                    (v)    None  of  the  Parent  Guarantor,  any  of   its
               Subsidiaries  or   any  ERISA  Affiliate  has   incurred  or

                                        - 5 -<PAGE>





               reasonably expects  to incur any Withdrawal  Liability under
               Section 4201 of ERISA as  a result of a complete  or partial
               withdrawal from  a Multiemployer  Plan which will  result in
               Withdrawal  Liability to  the Parent  Guarantor, any  of its
               Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate in an amount  that could
               reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

               (i)  No Defaults.   Neither the Parent Guarantor  nor any of
          its Subsidiaries is in breach of or default under or with respect
          to any instrument, document or agreement binding upon the  Parent
          Guarantor  or   such  Subsidiary  which  breach   or  default  is
          reasonably probable to  have a Material Adverse  Effect or result
          in the creation of a Lien on any Property of the Parent Guarantor
          or its Subsidiaries.

               (j)  Disclosure.   All written information  relating to  the
          Parent  Guarantor and  any  of its  Subsidiaries  which has  been
          delivered by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or the Borrower
          to the Agent or the Banks  in connection with the Loan  Documents
          and all financial and other information furnished to the Agent is
          true  and  correct  in  all material  respects  and  contains  no
          misstatement  of  a fact  of a  material  nature.   Any financial
          projections  and other  information regarding  anticipated future
          plans or developments contained therein was based upon the Parent
          Guarantor's best good faith estimates and assumptions at the time
          they were prepared.

               (k)  Intentionally Omitted.

               (l)  Intentionally Omitted.

               (m)  Subsidiaries.  (i) Schedule  5(m) hereto sets forth all
          of the Subsidiaries, their jurisdictions of incorporation and the
          percentages  of the various classes  of their capital stock owned
          by  the Parent  Guarantor  or another  Subsidiary  of the  Parent
          Guarantor, (ii)  the Parent  Guarantor or another  Subsidiary, as
          the  case may  be, has  the unrestricted  right to  vote, and  to
          receive dividends  and dividends on, all  capital stock indicated
          on  such  Schedule  as owned  by  the  Parent  Guarantor or  such
          Subsidiary (subject  to limitations imposed by  Applicable Law or
          the  Loan Documents) and (iii)  such capital stock  has been duly
          authorized and issued and is fully paid and nonassessable.

               (n)  Principal  Subsidiaries.    Schedule 5(n)  hereto  sets
          forth  all of the Principal  Subsidiaries in existence  as of the
          Agreement Date.

               (o)  Insurance.   All policies of  insurance of any  kind or
          nature owned by  the Parent  Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries  are
          maintained   with  reputable   insurers  which   to  the   Parent
          Guarantor's  best knowledge  are  financially sound.  The  Parent
          Guarantor  currently  maintains  insurance with  respect  to  its

                                        - 6 -<PAGE>





          Properties and  business and causes its  Subsidiaries to maintain
          insurance  with  respect  to  their  respective  Properties   and
          business against loss or damage  of the kinds customarily insured
          against by corporations engaged  in the same or  similar business
          and similarly situated, of such types and in  such amounts as are
          customarily  carried under  similar circumstances  by  such other
          corporations including, without limitation, worker's compensation
          insurance.

               (p)  Environmental  Protection.    (i) There  are  no  known
          conditions   or  circumstances  known  to  the  Parent  Guarantor
          associated  with  the currently  or  previously  owned or  leased
          properties  or   operations  of  the  Parent   Guarantor  or  its
          Subsidiaries or tenants which may give rise to  any Environmental
          Liabilities and Costs which would have a Material Adverse Effect;
          and

               (ii) No Environmental  Lien has attached to  any Property of
          the  Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which would have
          a Material Adverse Effect.

               (q)  Regulatory Matters.  Except  as disclosed in the Parent
          Guarantor's Form  10-K for the  fiscal year  ending December  31,
          1993, its  Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending June
          30,  1994, or in its  definitive Proxy Statement  relating to the
          Restructuring filed with  the Securities and Exchange  Commission
          on August 22, 1994, the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries are
          to  the best  of their  knowledge in  compliance with  all rules,
          regulations  and   other  requirements  of  the   Food  and  Drug
          Administration  ("FDA")  and  other  regulatory   authorities  of
          jurisdictions  in  which  the  Parent  Guarantor or  any  of  its
          Subsidiaries  do business  or  operate manufacturing  facilities,
          including without limitation those  relating to compliance by the
          Parent  Guarantor's  or   any  such  Subsidiary's   manufacturing
          facilities  with   "Current  Good  Manufacturing   Practices"  as
          interpreted   by  the  FDA,   except  to  the   extent  any  such
          noncompliance would  not have a Material Adverse  Effect.  Except
          as  so disclosed, neither the  FDA nor any  other such regulatory
          authority has requested (or, to the Parent Guarantor's knowledge,
          are  considering  requesting)   any  product  recalls  or   other
          enforcement actions.

               (r)  Title  and Liens. Each of  the Parent Guarantor and its
          Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to its real properties
          and owns or  leases all  its other material  Properties, in  each
          case,  as shown on its  most recent quarterly  balance sheet, and
          none  of  such  Properties is  subject  to  any  Lien except  for
          Permitted Liens.

               (s)  Compliance with Law.  Each of the Parent  Guarantor and
          its  Subsidiaries  is  in  compliance with  all  Applicable  Law,
          including,  without  limitation, all  Environmental  Laws, except

                                        - 7 -<PAGE>





          where any failure  to comply with any such  laws would not, alone
          or  in the  aggregate,  have a  Material  Adverse Effect  on  the
          business or financial  condition of the Parent  Guarantor and its
          Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or  the Parent Guarantor's ability
          to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents.

               (t)  Trademarks, Copyrights, Etc.  The Parent  Guarantor and
          each of  its Subsidiaries  own or  have the  rights  to use  such
          trademarks, service  marks, trade names,  copyrights, licenses or
          rights in any  thereof, as in the  aggregate are adequate in  the
          reasonable judgment  of the Parent  Guarantor for the  conduct of
          the  business of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as now
          conducted.

               SECTION 6.   Affirmative Covenants.   As long as any  of the
          Guaranteed Obligations or any  other amounts shall remain unpaid,
          or any Bank shall have any Commitment under the Credit Agreement,
          unless  otherwise agreed by  the written consent  of the Majority
          Banks:

               (a)  Compliance with Laws, Etc.   The Parent Guarantor shall
          comply,  and cause  each of  its Subsidiaries  to comply,  in all
          material   respects  with   all   Applicable  Law   except   such
          non-compliance as  would not  have a Material  Adverse Effect  or
          result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

               (b)  Payment  of Taxes, Etc.   The Parent  Guarantor and any
          consolidated, combined or unitary group which includes the Parent
          Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries shall pay and discharge, and
          cause  each  Subsidiary  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  to  pay  and
          discharge, before  the same  shall become delinquent,  all lawful
          claims, Taxes,  assessments and  governmental  charges or  levies
          except  where contested in good faith, by proper proceedings, and
          where  adequate reserves  therefor have  been established  on the
          books of  the Parent Guarantor  or such Subsidiary  in accordance
          with GAAP.

               (c)  Maintenance of  Insurance.  The Parent  Guarantor shall
          maintain,  and  cause  each  of  its  Subsidiaries  to  maintain,
          insurance with responsible  and reputable insurance companies  or
          associations in  such  amounts  and  covering such  risks  as  is
          usually carried  by companies  engaged in similar  businesses and
          owning  similar properties in the same general areas in which the
          Parent  Guarantor  or  such  Subsidiary  operates.    The  Parent
          Guarantor  will furnish  to  the Agent  from  time to  time  such
          information as may be requested as to such insurance.

               (d)  Preservation of Corporate Existence,  Etc.  The  Parent
          Guarantor  shall  preserve and  maintain, and  cause each  of its
          Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, their respective corporate
          existences; provided, that  this Section 6(d) shall not  apply at
          any  time with respect to the corporate existence of a Subsidiary

                                        - 8 -<PAGE>





          of  the  Parent  Guarantor  (other  than  the  Borrower  and  the
          Scandinavian Principal  Companies) in  any case where  the Parent
          Guarantor's Board of Directors determines in good faith that such
          termination of corporate  existence is in  the best interests  of
          the  Parent Guarantor and its  Subsidiaries taken as  a whole and
          where  noncompliance will not have a Materially Adverse Effect on
          the Parent Guarantor  and its Subsidiaries  or any Loan  Document
          (other than a  Loan Document  delivered by a  Subsidiary that  at
          such time is no  longer a Principal Subsidiary, as  determined at
          such  time); provided,  further that this  Section 6(d)  shall be
          without prejudice  to the other  provisions of this  Guaranty and
          the Credit Agreement. 

               (e)  Books  and Access.    The Parent  Guarantor shall,  and
          shall cause each  of its  Subsidiaries to, keep  proper books  of
          record and accounts  in conformity with GAAP, and upon reasonable
          notice and  at such  reasonable times  during the  usual business
          hours   as  often   as  may   be  reasonably   requested,  permit
          representatives of the  Agent, at  its own initiative  or at  the
          request  of any Bank, to  make inspections of  its Properties, to
          examine  its books,  accounts  and records  and  make copies  and
          memoranda thereof and  to discuss its  affairs and finances  with
          its officers or directors and independent public accountants.

               (f)  Maintenance of Properties,  Etc.  The  Parent Guarantor
          shall maintain and  preserve, and cause each  of its Subsidiaries
          to  maintain and  preserve,  all of  their respective  Properties
          which  are used or useful in the  conduct of its business in good
          working  order and condition and, from time to time make or cause
          to be  made all  appropriate repairs, renewals  and replacements,
          except  where the  failure to  do so  would not  have a  Material
          Adverse Effect.

               (g)  Financial  Statements.    The  Parent  Guarantor  shall
          furnish,  or cause to be furnished, to the Agent (with sufficient
          copies for the Banks):

                    (i) as  soon as available but not later than fifty-five
               (55) days after  the close of  each of the  first three  (3)
               Fiscal Quarters of each Fiscal Year of the Parent Guarantor,
               consolidated and  consolidating balance sheets of the Parent
               Guarantor  and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such Fiscal
               Quarter  and  the  related  consolidated  and  consolidating
               statements of  operations and the  consolidated statement of
               cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries for
               such Fiscal Quarter and (in the case of the second and third
               Fiscal Quarters)  for the period  from the beginning  of the
               then  current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter,
               setting  forth   in  each  case  in   comparative  form  the
               consolidated figures  for the  corresponding periods  of the
               previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified
               by a  Responsible Financial Officer of  the Parent Guarantor

                                        - 9 -<PAGE>





               as fairly presenting, in accordance with GAAP, the financial
               condition and results of  operations of the Parent Guarantor
               and  its Subsidiaries,  subject  to  changes resulting  from
               normal year-end  audit adjustments;  provided,  that to  the
               extent set  forth therein  and otherwise complying  with the
               requirements  of  this  clause,  the  Parent  Guarantor  may
               satisfy the  requirements hereof by delivering  its Form 10Q
               for the applicable period; 

                    (ii)  (1) as soon as  available but no  later than one-
               hundred  (100) days after the  close of each  Fiscal Year of
               the Parent Guarantor, consolidated and consolidating balance
               sheets of the  Parent Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries as  at
               the end  of  such  year  and the  related  consolidated  and
               consolidating statements of operations and  the consolidated
               statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
               for such  year, setting  forth in  each case  in comparative
               form  the  consolidated and  consolidating  figures for  the
               previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified
               in  the case  of  the consolidated  financial statements  by
               Coopers &  Lybrand or another firm  of nationally recognized
               independent  public  accountants, which  report  shall state
               without qualification as to the scope of the audit or as  to
               going  concern that  such consolidated  financial statements
               present  fairly the  financial position  and the  results of
               operations  as at the dates and for the periods indicated in
               conformity with GAAP and that the audit  by such accountants
               in  connection with  such consolidated  financial statements
               has  been made  in  accordance with  GAAS,  (2) as  soon  as
               available but not  later than one hundred  twenty (120) days
               after the close of each Fiscal Year of the Parent Guarantor,
               a  certificate from such accounting firm  that in the course
               of the regular audit of the business of the Parent Guarantor
               and  its Subsidiaries,  which  audit was  conducted by  such
               accounting firm  in  accordance with  GAAS, such  accounting
               firm reviewed the financial  covenants included in Section 8
               and  such  review disclosed  no  evidence that  an  Event of
               Default  or Default  has  occurred based  on such  financial
               covenants or,  if in  the opinion  of such  accounting firm,
               such  an Event  of Default  or Default  has occurred  and is
               continuing, a statement as  to the nature thereof; provided,
               that to the extent set forth therein and otherwise complying
               with the  requirements of this clause,  the Parent Guarantor
               may satisfy  the requirements hereof by  delivering its Form
               10K for the applicable period; 

                    (iii)   together  with   each  delivery   of  financial
               statements of  the Parent Guarantor pursuant  to clauses (i)
               and (ii) above and commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending
               September 30,  1994, a  certificate issued by  a Responsible
               Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor (1)  demonstrating
               compliance at the  end of the accounting period described in

                                        - 10 -<PAGE>





               such  statements  with  the  financial  covenants  contained
               herein and (2) containing in reasonable detail the component
               figures contained in the  respective total figures stated in
               such certificate;

                    (iv)  together   with   each  delivery   of   financial
               statements of  the  Parent Guarantor  and  its  Subsidiaries
               pursuant to clauses  (i) or (ii) above,  and commencing with
               the Fiscal  Quarter ending December 31,  1994, a certificate
               signed  by a  Responsible  Financial Officer  of the  Parent
               Guarantor  stating that  (1) such  officer is  familiar with
               both this Guaranty and  the business and financial condition
               of  the Parent  Guarantor (2)  that the  representations and
               warranties set  forth  in  Section  5 hereof  are  true  and
               correct   in   all   material  respects   as   though   such
               representations and  warranties had been made  by the Parent
               Guarantor  on and as of  the date thereof  (other than those
               that  are expressly stated to be made as of a certain date),
               and (3) no Event of Default  or Default has occurred and  is
               continuing or if an Event of Default or Default has occurred
               and  is continuing a statement as to the nature thereof, and
               whether or not the same shall have been cured; and 

                    (v) together with each delivery of financial statements
               of  the Parent  Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries  pursuant to
               clause  (ii) above,  a certificate  signed by  a Responsible
               Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor stating that as of
               the  date  of such  certificate,  the entities  listed  on a
               schedule  attached   thereto  are   all  of   the  Principal
               Subsidiaries  in  existence  at  such  time  (describing any
               changes  in the entities constituting Principal Subsidiaries
               since the delivery of the last such certificate).

               (h)  Reporting  Requirements.   The  Parent  Guarantor shall
          furnish to the Agent for distribution to the Banks:

                    (i)  from  time to  time  as the  Agent  may reasonably
               request,  copies  of  such statements,  lists  of  Property,
               accounts,  reports or  information  prepared by  or for  the
               Parent Guarantor or  within the Parent Guarantor's  control.
               In addition, the Parent Guarantor shall furnish to the Agent
               for  distribution to the  Banks, within five  (5) days after
               delivery  thereof   to  the  Parent  Guarantor's   Board  of
               Directors, copies  of budgets  and forecasts prepared  by or
               for the  Parent Guarantor  or within the  Parent Guarantor's
               control;

                    (ii) promptly and in any  event within thirty (30) days
               after the Parent Guarantor,  any of its Subsidiaries  or any
               ERISA  Affiliate knows  that  any ERISA  Event has  occurred
               (other  than a Reportable Event for which notice to the PBGC
               is  waived),  a written  statement  of  the chief  financial

                                        - 11 -<PAGE>





               officer or other appropriate officer of the Parent Guarantor
               describing such  ERISA Event and  the action, if  any, which
               the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate
               proposes to take  with respect  thereto, and a  copy of  any
               notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining thereto;

                    (iii) promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days
               after notice  or knowledge  thereof, notice that  the Parent
               Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries becomes  subject to the
               tax on  prohibited transactions  imposed by Section  4975 of
               the Code, together with a copy of Form 5330;

                    (iv) promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of
               all  actions,  suits and  proceedings  before  any court  or
               governmental department, commission,  board, bureau,  agency
               or   instrumentality,  domestic   or  foreign,   against  or
               affecting the  Parent Guarantor or any  of its Subsidiaries,
               in  which there is  a reasonable  probability of  an adverse
               decision which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

                    (v) promptly  upon the Parent  Guarantor or any  of its
               Subsidiaries learning of  (i) any  Event of  Default or  any
               Default,  or  (ii)  any  Material  Credit  Agreement Change,
               telephonic or  telegraphic notice  specifying the  nature of
               such Event of Default,  Default or Material Credit Agreement
               Change,  including  the  anticipated effect  thereof,  which
               notice shall  be promptly  confirmed in writing  within five
               days;

                    (vi)  promptly after  the  sending or  filing  thereof,
               copies of all  reports which the  Parent Guarantor sends  to
               its security  holders generally,  and copies of  all reports
               and registration statements  which the  Parent Guarantor  or
               any  of  its  Subsidiaries  files with  the  Securities  and
               Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange;

                    (vii) promptly upon,  and in any  event within 30  days
               of, the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries learning
               of any of the following:

                           (1)  notice that  any  Property  of  the  Parent
                    Guarantor  or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to any
                    Environmental  Liens individually  or in  the aggregate
                    which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

                           (2) any proposed acquisition of stock, assets or
                    real estate,  or any  proposed leasing of  Property, or
                    any  other action by the Parent Guarantor or any of its
                    Subsidiaries in which there is a reasonable probability
                    that the  Parent Guarantor  or any of  its Subsidiaries
                    would   be  subject   to  any   material  Environmental
                    Liabilities and Costs, provided,  that, in the event of

                                        - 12 -<PAGE>





                    any  such proposed  acquisition  or  lease, the  Parent
                    Guarantor must  furnish to the Agent evidence in a form
                    acceptable to  the Agent that the  proposed acquisition
                    will not have a Material Adverse Effect;

                    (viii)    prior    to   the    effectiveness   thereof,
               information   relating  to  any   proposed  change   in  the
               accounting treatment  or reporting  practices of  the Parent
               Guarantor and its Subsidiaries the nature or  scope of which
               materially affects  the calculation of any  component of any
               financial covenant,  standard  or  term  contained  in  this
               Guaranty; and

                    (ix)  prior to  the  Parent Guarantor,  or  any of  its
               Subsidiaries, (i)  entering into  any agreement  relating to
               the  sale of, or the granting of  a Lien on, assets having a
               fair market value of $10,000,000  or more, or (ii) incurring
               Indebtedness  pursuant to a single transaction the aggregate
               principal amount of which is $10,000,000 or more, the Parent
               Guarantor  shall  give  the Agent  15  days'  notice  of its
               intention to enter into such an agreement; and 

                    (x)  from  time to  time,  such  other information  and
               materials  as the Agent (or the Banks through the Agent) may
               reasonably request.

               (i)  Additional  Credit  Support  Documents.     The  Parent
          Guarantor shall  deliver, or shall cause to  be delivered, within
          five  (5) Business Days of delivery to the Agent of a certificate
          pursuant to Section 6(g)(v) hereof,  in respect of each Principal
          Subsidiary,   disclosed  on   the  schedule   attached  to   such
          certificate (a) a Subsidiary Guaranty duly executed by  each such
          Principal Subsidiary or (b) if any such Principal Subsidiary is a
          Non-U.S.  Subsidiary, a  Pledge  Agreement duly  executed by  the
          Shareholders of  such  Non-U.S. Subsidiary;  provided, that  this
          Section (i) shall  not apply  to any Principal  Subsidiary as  to
          which  there  already  is  at  such  time  a  valid  and  binding
          Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement (as the case may be).

               (j)  Delivery of Opinions.  Concurrently  with the execution
          and delivery of any  additional Credit Support Documents pursuant
          to  Section 6(i) hereof,  the Parent Guarantor  shall deliver, or
          shall cause to be  delivered, to the Agent an opinion  of counsel
          relating to such  additional Credit Support Document  in form and
          substance  substantially  similar  to the  opinions  rendered  in
          connection with comparable agreements on the Effective Date.

               (k)  A.L.  Labs   Transfer.    The  Parent  Guarantor  shall
          consummate   the  A.L.   Labs   Transfer  (as   defined  in   the
          Restructuring Agreement) as soon as practicable and in  any event
          within 90 days of the Effective Date.


                                        - 13 -<PAGE>





               (l)  Stock  Exchange  Listing.     The  Parent   Guarantor's
          securities  shall at  all times be  listed on The  New York Stock
          Exchange.

               SECTION 7.    Negative Covenants.   So  long as  any of  the
          Guaranteed Obligations  or any other amounts  shall remain unpaid
          or any Bank shall have any Commitment under the Credit Agreement,
          unless otherwise  agreed by the  written consent of  the Majority
          Banks:

               (a)  Liens, Etc.   The Parent Guarantor  shall not, directly
          or indirectly, create or  suffer to exist,  or permit any of  its
          Subsidiaries to  create or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or with
          respect  to any of its Properties, whether now owned or hereafter
          acquired, or assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign,
          any  right to receive  income, in each case  to secure or provide
          for  the  payment  of  any Indebtedness  of  any  Person,  except
          Permitted Liens.

               (b)  Mergers.    The Parent  Guarantor  shall  not merge  or
          consolidate in any transaction in which it or the Borrower is not
          the  surviving  Person.   The Parent  Guarantor shall  not permit
          without the consent of the Majority Banks any of its Subsidiaries
          to  merge  or  consolidate  in  any  transaction  in  which  such
          Subsidiary is not the  surviving Person other than in  mergers of
          any  Subsidiary  (other  than   the  Borrower)  into  the  Parent
          Guarantor, the Borrower or any  other wholly owned Subsidiary  of
          the  Parent Guarantor or the Borrower that is incorporated in the
          U.S.;  provided, that  with  respect  to  mergers  in  which  the
          surviving entity  is not  the Parent  Guarantor or  the Borrower,
          then the Parent  Guarantor shall cause  such surviving entity  to
          deliver a Subsidiary Guaranty if immediately after the merger the
          surviving entity is a Principal Subsidiary (as determined at such
          time) in  respect of which there  is not, at such  time, a valid,
          legal  and  binding  Subsidiary  Guaranty  or  Pledge  Agreement;
          provided, further, that the  Majority Banks will not unreasonably
          withhold their consent to  a merger or other combination  of A.L.
          Pharma AS and New A.L.-Oslo.
           
               (c)  Substantial  Asset  Sale.   The Parent  Guarantor shall
          not,  and  shall not  permit any  of  its Subsidiaries  to, sell,
          lease,  transfer or otherwise  dispose of all  or any substantial
          part of its or  their assets  (including any of  the stock of the
          Scandinavian  Principal Companies  owned by  it or  them), except
          that  this Section  7(c) shall  not apply  to any  disposition of
          assets  (i)  in  the ordinary  course  of  business  or (ii)  any
          disposition of  assets (other than assets consisting of the stock
          of the  Scandinavian Principal Companies  or assets owned  by the
          Scandinavian  Principal Companies) (A)  to the  Parent Guarantor,
          the Borrower  or any Principal  Subsidiary (in  respect of  which
          there is  in  existence a  legal,  valid and  binding  Subsidiary
          Guaranty or Pledge Agreement)  or (B) where the proceeds  of such

                                        - 14 -<PAGE>





          disposition (I) consist  solely of cash  or cash equivalents  and
          (II)  the Net Cash Proceeds of such disposition are first applied
          towards  the   prepayment  of  any  Loans   then  outstanding  in
          accordance with Section 5.4(a) of the Credit Agreement; provided,
          that for purposes of this Section 7(c), any such prepayment shall
          be  effected  on the  next succeeding  day  on which  an interest
          payment  is  due  in respect  of  the  Loan  being prepaid  after
          consummation of the  asset sale, and if such day  is not the last
          day of  the Interest Period in respect of the Loan or Loans being
          prepaid, the Borrower shall  continue to be liable for  any costs
          or expenses pursuant to Section 12.4(c) of the Credit Agreement.

               (d)  Transactions  with  Affiliates.   The  Parent Guarantor
          shall not engage in,  and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
          to engage in,  any transaction  with an Affiliate  of the  Parent
          Guarantor or of  such Subsidiary other  than transactions in  the
          ordinary course of  business between a Subsidiary  and its parent
          or among Subsidiaries of  the Parent Guarantor that are  on terms
          no less favorable  to the Parent  Guarantor or such  Subsidiaries
          than as would be obtained in a comparable arms-length transaction
          and  other than  transactions  contemplated by,  and effected  in
          accordance with, the Restructuring.

               (e)  Activities.   Following consummation  of the  A.L. Labs
          Transfer,  the Parent Guarantor shall  not engage in any business
          activities,  own  any  Properties  or incur  any  obligations  or
          Indebtedness other than (a) as contemplated by the Loan Documents
          and the Restructuring Agreement, and (b) the ownership of  Equity
          of  its Subsidiaries  and  of the  real  estate and  improvements
          thereon  relating  to  its  manufacturing  facility  in   Chicago
          Heights, Illinois.

               (f)  Restrictions on Indebtedness.  (i) The Parent Guarantor
          shall  not incur, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to incur,
          Indebtedness  except Permitted  Indebtedness  (subject to  clause
          (ii)  below);   provided,  that   prior  to  the   incurrence  of
          Subordinated  Indebtedness,  the  Agent  shall  have  received an
          opinion of counsel relating to such Subordinated Indebtedness and
          stating that in the  opinion of such counsel the  Indebtedness of
          the Loan Parties under the Loan  Documents is senior indebtedness
          within the meaning  of such term (or a term analogous thereto) as
          used  in the terms  and provisions relating  to such Subordinated
          Indebtedness.

               (ii)   Notwithstanding  clause   (i)  above,   no  Permitted
          Indebtedness may be incurred unless (A) with respect to Permitted
          Indebtedness  described  in  clauses   (3)  through  (6)  of  the
          definition  of Permitted  Indebtedness, and  except  as otherwise
          provided  in  the Loan  Documents,  the Parent  Guarantor  or the
          Borrower shall have  given the  Agent at least  7 Business  Days'
          prior notice  of  the intention  to  incur such  Indebtedness  in
          accordance  with the terms hereof and (B) if the principal amount

                                        - 15 -<PAGE>





          of  such Indebtedness is $1,000,000  or more, the  Person to whom
          the  debtor in respect of  such  Indebtedness  shall be obligated
          becomes  a party  to the  Intercreditor Agreement  (unless it  is
          already  a  party to  such  agreement);  provided, however,  that
          clause (B) hereof shall  not apply to (1) Subordinated  Debt, (2)
          Indebtedness that is otherwise Permitted Indebtedness and that is
          issued pursuant to  a (x) registration  statement filed with  the
          Securities  and Exchange  Commission or  (y) a  private placement
          with institutional  investors or (3)  Permitted Indebtedness that
          is secured by  Permitted Liens.   In the case  of such a  private
          placement with institutional  investors, the Parent  Guarantor or
          the Borrower shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that
          the  institutional  investors  in such  private  placement become
          parties to the Intercreditor Agreement.

               SECTION  8.  Financial  Covenants.   As long  as any  of the
          Guaranteed Obligations shall remain unpaid or any Bank shall have
          any Commitment  under  the  Credit  Agreement,  unless  otherwise
          agreed by the written consent of the Majority Banks:

               (a)  Minimum Equity Ratio.   The Equity Ratio  of the Parent
          Guarantor and its Subsidiaries shall not at any time be less than
          0.3:1.

               (b)  Minimum Total Capital.  The Total Capital of the Parent
          Guarantor  and  its  Subsidiaries  shall not  be  less  than  (a)
          $170,000,000, from the Agreement Date  to December 31, 1995,  (b)
          $185,000,000, from December 31, 1995 to December 31, 1996 and (b)
          $200,000,000, at any time thereafter.

               (c)  Current Ratio.  The ratio of  Current Assets to Current
          Liabilities of  the Parent  Guarantor and its  Subsidiaries shall
          not at any time be less than 1.30:1.

               (d)  Interest  Coverage Ratio.   The  ratio of  (i) Earnings
          from Operations plus interest income to (ii)  Total Cash Interest
          Expense shall not be less than (A) 1.75:1 for the period from the
          Agreement  Date through December 31,  1995 and (B)  1.85:1 at all
          times thereafter;  provided, however,  that for purposes  of this
          Section 8(d),  the calculation of "Earnings  from Operations" for
          any period  during  1994  shall  not include  any  income  effect
          attributable  to  (x)  the  Restructuring Charge  or  (y)  Merger
          Expenses  specifically expensed  in the  fourth quarter  of 1994;
          and, provided, further, that in calculating the Interest Coverage
          Ratio for purposes of this Section 8(d), changes in Earnings from
          Operations,  interest  income  or  Total  Cash  Interest  Expense
          attributable to foreign exchange  fluctuations shall not be taken
          into account.

               (e)  Minimum  Net  Worth.    The  Net  Worth  of the  Parent
          Guarantor and its Subsidiaries shall not at any time be less than
          $170,000,000.  

                                        - 16 -<PAGE>





               SECTION  9.   Payments and  Computations.   (a)   The Parent
          Guarantor  shall make  each payment  payable by it  hereunder not
          later than 11:00 A.M. (New  York City time) on the day  when due,
          in Dollars,  to the Agent at  its address referred to  in Section
          12.2  of  the Credit  Agreement  in  immediately available  funds
          without set-off or  counterclaim, for the account of  the several
          Banks.

               (b)  No  Reductions.   (i) Subject  to Section  9(b)(ii) and
          (iii), payments  due to the Agent, the  Arranger, the Co-Arranger
          or any Bank hereunder, and all other terms, conditions, covenants
          and  agreements  to  be  observed and  performed  by  the  Parent
          Guarantor hereunder, shall be made, observed  or performed by the
          Parent  Guarantor without any  reduction or deduction whatsoever,
          including any reduction or deduction for any set-off, recoupment,
          counterclaim (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or
          Tax.  

               (ii)(x) If any withholding or deduction from any payment  to
          be made by  the Parent  Guarantor hereunder is  required for  any
          Taxes  under any  applicable law,  rule or  regulation, then  the
          Parent Guarantor will

                    (A)    pay  directly to  the relevant  taxing authority
               the full amount required to be so withheld or deducted;

                    (B)    promptly  forward  to  the  Agent   an  official
               receipt or  other  documentation satisfactory  to the  Agent
               evidencing such payment to such authority; and

                    (C)    pay to the  Agent for the  account of the  Banks
               such additional  amount or amounts necessary  to ensure that
               the net amount actually received by each Bank will equal the
               full amount  such  Bank  would have  received  had  no  such
               withholding or deduction been required.

               In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law,  the
          Parent Guarantor agrees  to pay  any present or  future stamp  or
          documentary taxes, excise or property taxes, or any other charges
          or  similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or
          from  the execution,  delivery or  registration of,  or otherwise
          with respect to, this Guaranty or the Notes (hereinafter referred
          to as "Other Taxes").

               Each Bank shall use its reasonable best efforts to designate
          another of its then existing offices as its Lending Office if the
          making of such designation  would, without any detrimental effect
          to such Bank (as determined by  the Bank in its sole discretion),
          avoid the need for, or reduce the amount  of, such withholding or
          deduction from any payment to be  made to such Bank by the Parent
          Guarantor hereunder required for any Taxes.


                                        - 17 -<PAGE>





               The Parent Guarantor will indemnify each Bank and the  Agent
          for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes  paid by such Bank or
          the  Agent  (as the  case may  be)  and any  liability (including
          penalties, interest  and  expenses)  arising  therefrom  or  with
          respect  thereto, whether or not  such Taxes or  Other Taxes were
          correctly  or legally  asserted.   This indemnification  shall be
          made within 30 days from the date such  Bank or the Agent (as the
          case may be) makes written demand therefor.

               If  the Parent  Guarantor fails  to pay  any Taxes  or Other
          Taxes  when due to the  appropriate taxing authority  or fails to
          remit to the Agent, for the account of the respective Banks,  the
          required  receipts or  other required  documentary  evidence, the
          Parent  Guarantor shall indemnify the Agent and the Banks for any
          incremental Taxes or Other Taxes, penalties, interest or expenses
          that may become payable  by the Agent or any Bank as  a result of
          any such failure.

               (y)  Notwithstanding  subsection (x),  the Parent  Guarantor
          shall  not be required to indemnify or pay additional amounts for
          or on account of:

               (A)  Taxes imposed on or  measured by the net income  of the
          Agent or  any Bank or franchise Taxes imposed on the Agent or any
          Bank, but  in  each  case  only  to the  extent  imposed  by  the
          jurisdiction under  the laws of which  the Agent or such  Bank is
          organized  or doing  business  (other than  as  a result  of  the
          transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or the Agent's or
          any  Bank's enforcement of its rights under any Loan Document) or
          any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein,
          or by any jurisdiction in which  the Agent or such Bank's lending
          office or principal executive office is located or  any political
          subdivision or  taxing authority  thereof or therein  (except, in
          each case, to the  extent required by the following  paragraph to
          make payments on a net after-tax-basis), or

               (B)  any  Tax or Other Tax  imposed by reason  of either (i)
          the failure  of  the certification  made by  a Bank  on any  form
          provided pursuant to Section 9(b)(iii) to be accurate and true in
          all  material respects  unless any  such failure  is attributable
          solely to a Change in Tax Law that occurs on or after the date on
          which such  form is provided by such Bank, or (ii) the failure by
          a Bank to deliver  to the Parent Guarantor (or the  Borrower) and
          the Agent two duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form 1001
          or  4224 (or successor  applicable forms) in  accordance with the
          second sentence  of Section 9(b)(iii), certifying  that such Bank
          is entitled to receive payments under this Guaranty and the Loans
          without  deduction or  withholding of  any United  States federal
          income taxes, provided that this clause (B)(ii) will not apply if
          such failure  is attributable solely to a  Change in Tax Law that
          occurs on or after the date hereof.


                                        - 18 -<PAGE>





               All  amounts payable  as additional  amounts or  indemnities
          pursuant to this Section  9(b) shall include an amount  necessary
          to hold the Agent or  the relevant Bank harmless on a  net after-
          tax-basis from and  against all  Taxes required to  be paid  with
          respect to  or  as a  result of  the payment  of such  additional
          amount   or  indemnity  (including,   without  limitation,  Taxes
          described in clause (A) of the preceding paragraph.)

               (iii)  Each Bank that is not a United States person (as such
          term is defined in  Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code)  agrees that
          it will, on or before the date that the Parent Guarantor delivers
          this Guaranty  (or, in the  case of  a Bank that  becomes a  Bank
          pursuant to an assignment described in Section 12.7 of the Credit
          Agreement,  on  or before  the date  that  the Agent  records the
          Notice of the  Assignment and  Acceptance by which  it becomes  a
          Bank), deliver to  the Parent  Guarantor and the  Agent two  duly
          completed  and  executed  copies of  IRS  Form  1001  or 4224  or
          successor applicable form, as the case may be, certifying in each
          case that such Bank is entitled to receive payments payable to it
          under  this   Guaranty  and   the  Loans  without   deduction  or
          withholding of any United States federal income taxes.  Each Bank
          that  undertakes to deliver to the Parent Guarantor and the Agent
          an IRS Form  1001 or  4224 under the  preceding sentence  further
          undertakes to deliver to  the Agent and the Parent  Guarantor two
          additional duly  completed and  executed copies  of Form 1001  or
          4224 (or successor applicable  forms) on or before the  date that
          any such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence
          of  any  event  requiring  a  change  in  the  most  recent  form
          previously delivered by it to the Parent Guarantor and the Agent,
          and  such extensions  or renewals  thereof as  may reasonably  be
          required  by the Parent Guarantor,  certifying, in the  case of a
          Form 1001 or 4224, that such Bank is entitled to receive payments
          under  this   Guaranty  and   the  Loans  without   deduction  or
          withholding of any United States federal income taxes, unless, in
          any  such  case, an  event  (including,  without limitation,  any
          Change in Tax Law) has occurred before the date on which any such
          delivery would otherwise be required which renders all such forms
          inapplicable or which causes  such Bank to be no  longer eligible
          to  complete and  deliver any such  form with  respect to  it, in
          which  case the  Bank  shall either  (1)  furnish to  the  Parent
          Guarantor such forms or  other certification as the Bank  (in its
          sole  opinion)  is legally  entitled  to  furnish evidencing  the
          Bank's eligibility  for a  complete exemption  from or a  reduced
          rate of withholding of United States federal income taxes, or (2)
          notify  the  Parent Guarantor  that the  Bank  is not  capable of
          receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of United
          States federal income tax.

               SECTION 10.  Addresses  for Notices.  All notices  and other
          communications  provided  for  hereunder   shall  be  in  writing
          (including telegraphic  or  telecopy communication)  and  mailed,
          telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to the Parent Guarantor,

                                        - 19 -<PAGE>





          addressed to it at One Executive Drive, P.O. Box 1399, Fort  Lee,
          New  Jersey   07024,  Tel: (201)  947-7774,  Fax: (201)  947-5541
          Attention: Albert  N. Marchio,  II, Treasurer,  if to  the Agent,
          addressed to it at the address specified in the Credit Agreement,
          or as to each party at  such other address as shall be designated
          by such  party in a written notice  to each other party complying
          as to delivery with the terms of this Section.   All such notices
          and  other  communications  shall, when  mailed  or  telegraphed,
          respectively,  be  effective  when  deposited  in  the  mails  or
          delivered to  the telegraph  company, respectively,  addressed as
          aforesaid, and shall, when  delivered or telecopied, be effective
          when received.

               SECTION 11.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the part of
          any Guaranteed Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
          right  hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall any
          single or  partial exercise of  any right hereunder  preclude any
          other  or further exercise thereof  or the exercise  of any other
          right.    The remedies  herein  provided are  cumulative  and not
          exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

               SECTION  12.   Right of  Set-off.   Upon the  occurrence and
          during the continuance of any Event of Default (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement), each Bank is hereby authorized at any time and
          from time to  time, to  the fullest extent  permitted by law,  to
          set-off  and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time
          or  demand,  provisional or  final) at  any  time held  and other
          indebtedness at any time owing by such Bank to or  for the credit
          or the account of the Parent Guarantor against any and all of the
          obligations  of the  Parent Guarantor  now or  hereafter existing
          under this Guaranty,  irrespective of  whether or  not such  Bank
          shall have made any demand under this Guaranty.  Each Bank agrees
          promptly  to notify the  Parent Guarantor after  any such set-off
          and application made  by such Bank;  provided, however, that  the
          failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
          set-off  and application.   The  rights of  each Bank  under this
          Section are in addition to other rights and remedies  (including,
          without limitation,  other rights of set-off) which such Bank may
          have.

               SECTION  13.    Continuing Guaranty;  Transfer  of Interest.
          This  Guaranty is a continuing  guaranty and shall  (i) remain in
          full force and effect  until indefeasible payment in full  of the
          Guaranteed Obligations  and all other amounts  payable under this
          Guaranty,  (ii)  be  binding   upon  the  Parent  Guarantor,  its
          successors  and  permitted  assigns,  provided  that  the  Parent
          Guarantor may  not assign  or transfer its  obligations hereunder
          without the consent of the Majority Banks, and (iii) inure to the
          benefit of and  be enforceable  by any Guaranteed  Party and  its
          respective successors, transferees, and assigns, without limiting
          the generality of the foregoing clause (iii), any Bank may assign
          or  otherwise  transfer  all  or  any  part  of  its  rights  and

                                        - 20 -<PAGE>





          obligations under  the Credit Agreement in  accordance therewith,
          and  such other  person or  entity shall thereupon  become vested
          with  all  the rights  in respect  thereof  granted to  such Bank
          herein  or  otherwise, subject,  however,  to  the provisions  of
          Article XII of the Credit Agreement.

               SECTION  14.  Reinstatement.   This Guaranty shall remain in
          full force and  effect and  continue to be  effective should  any
          petition be filed by or against any Loan Party (as defined in the
          Credit Agreement)  for liquidation or reorganization,  should any
          Loan Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
          of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all
          or any significant part of any Loan Party's assets, and shall, to
          the  fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective or
          be  reinstated, as the  case may be,  if at any  time payment and
          performance of  the Guaranteed Obligations, or  any part thereof,
          is, pursuant to  applicable law, rescinded or  reduced in amount,
          or must otherwise be  restored or returned by any  obligee of the
          Guaranteed  Obligations,  whether  as  a  "voidable  preference",
          "fraudulent conveyance", or otherwise, all as though such payment
          or performance had not been made.  In the event that any payment,
          or  any  part  thereof,   is  rescinded,  reduced,  restored,  or
          returned, the Guaranteed Obligations shall, to the fullest extent
          permitted by law, be  reinstated and deemed reduced only  by such
          amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

               SECTION 15.  Defined Terms.   (a) As used in this  Guaranty,
          the following terms have the following meanings (such meanings to
          be  equally applicable to both  the singular and  plural forms of
          the terms defined):

               "A.L.  Labs  Transfer"  has  the meaning  specified  in  the
          Restructuring Agreement.

               "Allowable Restructuring Charge" means the lesser of (i) the
          Restructuring Charge and (ii) $10,000,000.

               "Applicable   Restructuring   Adjustment"   means  for   the
          following  periods, the percentage of the Allowable Restructuring
          Charge set forth below:

                                                    Percentage of
                    Period                   Allowable Restructuring Charge

               Agreement Date to
                    June 30, 1995                           100%

               July 1, 1995 to
                    December 31, 1995                        75%

               January 1, 1996 to
                    June 30, 1996                            50%

                                        - 21 -<PAGE>





               July 1, 1996 to
                    December 31, 1996                        25%

               January 1, 1997 and
                    thereafter                                0%


               "Current  Assets"  means, at  any  time,  as to  the  Parent
          Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries, the  consolidated current assets
          of  the Parent Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries for  the then most
          recently ended Fiscal Quarter, as shown on the Parent Guarantor's
          then most recent consolidated balance sheet at such time.

               "Current  Liabilities"  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
          Subsidiaries  means, at  any time,  (a) the  consolidated current
          liabilities of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries plus (b)
          to the extent not included in (a), the current liabilities of any
          Person   (other  than  the   Parent  Guarantor  or   any  of  its
          Subsidiaries) that are guaranteed by the Parent Guarantor or  any
          of  its Subsidiaries,  in each  case for  the then  most recently
          ended Fiscal Quarter as shown on the Parent Guarantor's then most
          recent consolidated balance sheet at such time.

               "Earnings  from Operations"  means, at  any time,  operating
          income  for  the Parent  Guarantor  and  its  Subsidiaries  on  a
          consolidated basis as set forth  in the consolidated statement of
          income of  the  Parent Guarantor  and  its Subsidiaries  for  the
          immediately  preceding four consecutive  Fiscal Quarters (or such
          fewer number of consecutive  Fiscal Quarters as shall have  ended
          immediately  following the  Effective  Date) for  which financial
          statements have been delivered  to the Banks pursuant  to Section
          6(g) of this Guaranty.

               "Equity Ratio" means, at  any time, the ratio of  the Parent
          Guarantor's and  its Subsidiaries  Net Worth  to total  assets as
          shown  on  the  Parent  Guarantor's then  most  recent  quarterly
          consolidated balance sheet.

               "Merger  Expenses"  means  any  investment  banking,  legal,
          accounting   and  other   transaction  expenses,   including  the
          expensing  of  debt  issuance  costs  related  to  existing  debt
          expected  to  be refinanced,  and  tax  effects  relating to  the
          combination  to be incurred and  recorded by the Parent Guarantor
          subsequent to  the signing of  the Restructuring Agreement.   The
          amount  of Merger Expense shall  not exceed $3.6  million for the
          purpose of  the allowance  permitted under the  Interest Coverage
          Ratio test in Section 8(d) hereof. 

               "Net Worth" means, at  any time, as to the  Parent Guarantor
          and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the excess of total
          assets over total liabilities, as shown on the Parent Guarantor's


                                        - 22 -<PAGE>





          then most recent consolidated  balance sheet, plus the Applicable
          Restructuring Adjustment.

               "New   Permitted   Indebtedness"   means,   at   any   time,
          Indebtedness  (a)  that does  not otherwise  constitute Permitted
          Indebtedness  pursuant  to  any   clause  of  the  definition  of
          Permitted  Indebtedness  other  than  clause  (2))  and  (b)  the
          aggregate  outstanding principal  amount of  which, at  any time,
          when added to all other  New Permitted Indebtedness incurred  and
          then outstanding at  such time  by the Parent  Guarantor and  its
          Subsidiaries after the Effective Date does not exceed $20,000,000
          in the aggregate.

               "Permitted Credit Lines" means the lines of credit available
          to the Parent Guarantor  and its Subsidiaries that are  listed on
          Schedule 7(e) hereto.

               "Permitted Indebtedness" means:

                    (1)   Indebtedness  incurred   pursuant  to   the  Loan
               Documents; or

                    (2) New Permitted Indebtedness; or

                    (3) Any  Indebtedness  if  prior  to,  and  immediately
               after, the  incurrence thereof,  the Equity Ratio  equals or
               exceeds 0.5:1; or

                    (4) Subordinated Indebtedness the aggregate outstanding
               principal  amount of which, at  any time, when  added to all
               other Subordinated Indebtedness  previously incurred by  the
               Parent Guarantor  and  its  Subsidiaries  pursuant  to  this
               clause   (4)  and   not  otherwise   constituting  Permitted
               Indebtedness  does not  at  such time  exceed the  aggregate
               principal  amount of Tranche A Term Loans and Tranche B Term
               Loans  theretofore  prepaid  by  the  Borrower  pursuant  to
               Section 5.4(a) of the Credit Agreement,

                    (5)   Subordinated   Indebtedness  (A)   consisting  of
               convertible  debt  securities   the  aggregate   outstanding
               principal  amount of  which,  at any  time, does  not exceed
               $100,000,000  and (B) which  is used first  to refinance any
               Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor and/or its Subsidiaries
               then outstanding.

                    (6) Permitted Intercompany Indebtedness.

                    (7)  Indebtedness  incurred  pursuant  to  a  Permitted
               Credit Line up to  an aggregate principal amount  which does
               not  exceed  the  maximum  amount of  Indebtedness  that  is
               permitted to be incurred under such Permitted Credit Line by
               this Agreement.

                                        - 23 -<PAGE>





                    (8)  Indebtedness representing amounts owed to minority
               shareholders  of  New  A.L.-Oslo  in  connection  with   the
               acquisition of shares not tendered in the Exchange Offer (as
               defined in the Restructuring Agreement).

                    (9) Indebtedness under Swap Agreements.

               "Permitted Liens" means:

                    (i)  purchase money  Liens or  purchase money  security
               interests  upon or in any  Property acquired or  held in the
               ordinary course of business to  secure the purchase price of
               such Property or to  secure Indebtedness incurred solely for
               the purpose of financing the acquisition of such Property;

                    (ii)  Liens existing  on Property  at the  time  of its
               acquisition   (other  than   any   such   Lien  created   in
               contemplation of such acquisition);

                    (iii)  Liens   on  Property  of  Persons  which  become
               Subsidiaries after the Agreement Date  securing Indebtedness
               existing,  with respect to any such Person, on the date such
               Person  becomes  a  Subsidiary  (other than  any  such  Lien
               created  in   contemplation  of   such  Person   becoming  a
               Subsidiary);

                    (iv) Liens listed on Schedule 7(a)(iv) hereto; and

                    (v) Liens securing New Permitted Indebtedness, provided
               that (A) such  New Permitted Indebtedness by  its terms does
               not amortize or otherwise require any mandatory installments
               of  principal earlier  than ten  years after  the incurrence
               thereof  and (B)  the Borrower  has  given the  Agent notice
               (including a description in  reasonable detail of the nature
               of the Lien and the obligations incurred) of the granting of
               such Lien within 7 Business Days of the granting thereof;

                    (vi)  Liens   securing  a  tax,  assessment   or  other
               governmental charge or  levy or the claim  of a materialman,
               mechanic,  carrier,  warehouseman  or  landlord  for  labor,
               materials, supplies or rentals  and any other statutory lien
               (other  than Environmental Liens), but only if (A) such Lien
               was  incurred in the ordinary course of business and (B) the
               liability  secured by such Lien (1) is not delinquent or (2)
               is being contested in  good faith by appropriate proceedings
               and adequate reserves  or other appropriate  provisions have
               been provided therefor in an amount not less than the amount
               required by GAAP;

                    (vii)  Liens consisting of a deposit  or pledge made in
               the  ordinary course of  business in connection  with, or to


                                        - 24 -<PAGE>





               secure  payment of, obligations under worker's compensation,
               unemployment insurance or similar legislation;

                    (viii)  Liens constituting an encumbrance in the nature
               of zoning restrictions, easements and rights or restrictions
               of record on the use  of real property that does not  have a
               materially  adverse effect  on the  Parent Guarantor  or its
               Subsidiaries;

               "Permitted  Intercompany  Indebtedness"  means  Indebtedness
          incurred  by the  Parent  Guarantor, the  Borrower, a  Subsidiary
          Guarantor  or  a  Pledged  Subsidiary and  owing  to  the  Parent
          Guarantor,  the Borrower,  a  Subsidiary Guarantor  or a  Pledged
          Subsidiary (as the case may be).

               "Restructuring  Charge" means  the amount,  on an  after tax
          basis, of the  charge taken  by the Parent  Guarantor and/or  the
          Borrower in connection with the Restructuring.

               "Subordinated   Indebtedness"  means,   as  to   the  Parent
          Guarantor and its Subsidiaries,  Indebtedness that (a) is subject
          to  subordination terms that are  no less favorable  to the Banks
          than those contained in  Exhibit A hereto and that  are otherwise
          satisfactory to the Agent  and (b) does not commence  to amortize
          or  otherwise  require any  mandatory  installments of  principal
          until six months after the Termination Date.

               "Total  Capital"  means,  at  any  time,  as  to  the Parent
          Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  on a consolidated basis, the  sum
          for  the Parent Guarantor and  its Subsidiaries of  (a) Net Worth
          plus (b) Subordinated Indebtedness.

               "Total  Cash Interest  Expense" means,  for any  period, the
          cash interest expense  incurred by the  Parent Guarantor and  its
          Subsidiaries, on a consolidated  basis, during the preceding four
          consecutive Fiscal Quarters (or  such fewer number of consecutive
          Fiscal  Quarters as  shall have  ended immediately  following the
          Effective  Date) with  respect  to the  aggregate  amount of  all
          Indebtedness outstanding during such period.

               (b)  Any  terms  used in  this  Guaranty  and not  otherwise
          defined  are used with the meaning ascribed thereto in the Credit
          Agreement.

               SECTION 16.  GOVERNING LAW.  THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED
          BY, AND  CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH,  THE LAWS OF  THE STATE OF
          NEW YORK.

               SECTION 17.   WAIVER OF  JURY TRIAL.   THE PARENT  GUARANTOR
          IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL  RIGHT TO TRIAL  BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION OR
          PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER,


                                        - 25 -<PAGE>





          UNDER THE  CREDIT AGREEMENT  OR  UNDER THE  OTHER LOAN  DOCUMENTS
          RELATIVE TO EACH OF THE FOREGOING.



















































                                        - 26 -<PAGE>






               IN  WITNESS WHEREOF,  the Parent  Guarantor has  caused this
          Guaranty  to  be  duly  executed and  delivered  by  its  officer
          thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

                                             A.L. LABORATORIES, INC.



                                             By: /s/ E.W. Sissener       
                                                 Name: E.W. Sissener
                                                 Title: Chairman & C.E.O.









































                                        - 27 -<PAGE>





                                                              Schedule 5(m)



                                     Subsidiaries
















































                                        - 28 -<PAGE>





                                                              Schedule 5(n)



                                Principal Subsidiaries



               A.   Non-U.S.

                    1.     New A.L. - Oslo
                    2.     A.L.-Pharma A/S
                    3.     A/S Dumex


               B.   U.S.

                    1.     Barre National, Inc.
                    2.     ParMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
                    3.     NMC Laboratories, Inc.
                    4.     Wade Jones Company, Inc.
                    5.     Barre Parent Corporation
                    6.     Mikjan Corporation






























                                        - 29 -<PAGE>





                                                          Schedule 7(a)(iv)



                                   Permitted Liens
















































                                        - 30 -<PAGE>





                                                              Schedule 7(e)



                                Permitted Credit Lines
















































                                        - 31 -<PAGE>





                                                                Exhibit A  
                                                                      to
                                                            Parent Guaranty



                                 Subordination Terms


                 [Previously provided.  Will be attached at closing.]











































                                        - 32 -<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>7
<TEXT>







                                      AMENDMENT
                                          TO
                                  CONTROL AGREEMENT

                    WHEREAS,  Apothekernes Laboratorium  A.S (now  known as
          A.L Industrier  AS), a  corporation organized and  existing under
          the  laws of  the  Kingdom of  Norway  ("A.L. Oslo"),  and  A. L.
          Laboratories, Inc.,  a Delaware corporation (the  "Company"), are
          parties to a Control Agreement (the "Control Agreement") dated as
          of  February 7, 1986,  pursuant  to which  A.L. Oslo  irrevocably
          agreed that, prior to  November 1, 1994 (the "Termination Date"),
          it  would not  sell or  otherwise  dispose of  the shares  of the
          Company's Class B Common Stock (the "Class B Stock") that it owns
          or  exchange or  convert any  of such  shares into  the Company's
          Class A Common Stock ("Class A Stock");

                    WHEREAS, A.L.  Oslo and  the Company  are parties  to a
          Restructuring Agreement (the "Restructuring Agreement")  dated as
          of May 16, 1994 and modified on July 20, 1994;

                    WHEREAS, it is  a condition to the  consummation of the
          transactions contemplated by the Restructuring Agreement that the
          Control Agreement  be amended to  extend the Termination  Date to
          November 1,  1997 and  to permit A.L.  Oslo to pledge,  in a bona
          fide transaction,  up to  2,000,000 shares  of the Class B  Stock
          that it owns; and

                    WHEREAS, A.L. Oslo and the Company desire to amend  the
          Control Agreement  to extend the Termination  Date to November 1,
          1997  and  to  permit  A.L.  Oslo  to  pledge,  in  a  bona  fide
          transaction,  up to 2,000,000 shares of the Class B Stock that it
          owns.

                    NOW,  THEREFORE,  A.L. Oslo  hereby  agrees irrevocably
          that  prior to  November 1, 1997  it will  not sell  or otherwise
          dispose of any shares of  Class B Stock that it owns  or exchange
          or convert  any shares of Class B Stock that it owns into Class A
          Stock; provided,  however, that A.L. Oslo  may pledge, in  a bona
          fide transaction,  up to  2,000,000 shares  of the  Class B Stock
          that it owns.

                    IN WITNESS  WHEREOF,  A.L. Oslo has  duly executed  and
          delivered this Control Agreement  as of this 3rd day  of October,
          1994.

                                        A.L INDUSTRIER AS
                                        (formerly known as 
                                        Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S)


                                        By:     /s/ E.W. Sissener          
                                 
                                        Its:  Managing Director<PAGE>





          I:\AL-COMBO\CURRENT\AL125ACA.003

          Agreed to and accepted as of 
          October 3, 1994:

          A. L. LABORATORIES, INC.


          By:      /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith                      
          Its:  Executive Vice President and 
               Chief Financial Officer<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>8
<TEXT>

























                                   LEASE AGREEMENT
                                    by and between


                                  A.L INDUSTRIER AS
                                     as LANDLORD

                                         and

                             APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM AS
                                      as TENANT


                            Dated as of:  October 3, 1994


                         PREMISES: Harbitzalleen 3, 5 and 5B
                                   0275 Oslo
                                   Norway<PAGE>





          

                                  TABLE OF CONTENTS


                                                                       Page

          1.   Demise of Premises . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1

          2.   Certain Definitions  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   1

          3.   Title and Condition  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   5

          4.   Use of Leased Premises; Quiet Enjoyment  . . . . . . . .   5

          5.   Term . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   6

          6.   Rent . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .   8

          7.   Net Lease; Tenant's Payments . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  10

          8.   Payment of Impositions; Compliance with Law  . . . . . .  10

          9.   Liens; Recording and Title . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  11

          10.  [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12

          11.  Maintenance and Repair . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  12

          12.  Alterations  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  13

          13.  Condemnation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  14

          14.  Insurance  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  16

          15.  Restoration  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  18

          16.  Assignment and Subletting  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  19

          17.  Permitted Contests . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  20

          18.  Conditional Limitations; Default Provision . . . . . . .  21

          19.  Additional Rights of Landlord  . . . . . . . . . . . . .  24

          20.  Notices  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25

          21.  Estoppel Certificate . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25

          22.  Surrender  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  25

          23.  No Merger of Title . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  26




                                        - i -<PAGE>





          

          24.  Environmental  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27

          25.  Miscellaneous  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27

          26.  Termination by Tenant  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27

          27.  Indemnification  . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  27

          28.  Mortgage by Landlord . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28

          29.  Partial Invalidity . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28

          30.  Parking Area . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .  28









































                                        - ii -<PAGE>





          


               LEASE AGREEMENT, made as  of this 3rd day of  October, 1994,
          between A.L Industrier  AS a Norwegian corporation  ("Landlord"),
          with an address of Postboks 158 Soyen, N-0212 Oslo 2, Norway and
          Apothekernes  Laboratorium  AS,  a  corporation    organized  and
          existing under the laws of the Kingdom of Norway ("Tenant"), with
          an address of Postboks 158 Skoyen, N-212 Oslo 2, Norway.

                                   R E C I T A L S:

               A.   A. L. Laboratories, Inc., and Apothekernes Laboratorium
          A.S  are parties to a certain Restructuring Agreement dated as of
          May 16, 1994 (the "Restructuring Agreement").

               B.   Pursuant  to  the   transactions  contemplated  by  the
          Restructuring Agreement,  Landlord has agreed to  lease to Tenant
          and  Tenant has agreed to lease from Landlord the Leased Premises
          (as  hereinafter  defined) on  the  terms  and conditions  herein
          contained.

               In consideration  of the rents and  provisions herein stipu-
          lated  to  be paid  and  performed,  Landlord  and Tenant  hereby
          covenant and agree as follows:

               1.   Demise of  Premises.  Landlord hereby  demises and lets
          to  Tenant, and Tenant hereby takes and leases from Landlord, for
          the term  or terms and upon the provisions hereinafter specified,
          the  following  described  property  (collectively,  the  "Leased
          Premises"):    (i) the real  property  described  in Exhibit  "A"
          attached  hereto  and  made  a  part  hereof,  together with  all
          easements,  rights  and  appurtenances  thereunto   belonging  or
          pertaining  (collectively,  the   "Land");  (ii) the   buildings,
          structures  and other  improvements now  constructed on  the Land
          (collectively  the  "Building  and Land  Improvements")  as  more
          particularly  described on  Exhibit "B"  attached hereto  and all
          machinery  and  equipment  installed therein  or  used  therewith
          exclusive     of     Trade      Fixtures     (as      hereinafter
          defined)(collectively,  the  "Building Equipment").  The Building
          Equipment does  not include trade fixtures, production equipment,
          machinery and  related  tools and  equipment  used by  Tenant  in
          Tenant's business conducted from  the Leased Premises (the "Trade
          Fixtures").  The  Trade Fixtures  are owned by  Tenant and  shall
          remain the property  of Tenant during and after  the term of this
          Lease.

               2.   Certain Definitions.  

                    "Additional Rent" shall mean Additional Rent as defined
          in Paragraph 6(b).  





                                        - 1 -<PAGE>





          

                    "Adjoining  Property" shall mean  all sidewalks, curbs,
          gores and vault spaces adjoining any of the Leased Premises.  

                    "Alterations"  shall  mean   all  changes,   additions,
          improvements  or repairs  to,  all  alterations,  reconstruction,
          renewals or removals of and all substitutions or replacements for
          any of the Building and Land Improvements  or Building Equipment,
          both  interior and  exterior, structural  and nonstructural,  and
          ordinary  and extraordinary,  including, without  limitation, the
          construction of new or  additional structures, buildings or other
          improvements.

                    "Award Notice" shall have the meaning ascribed to it in
          Section 13(c)

                    "Basic  Rent"  shall  mean  Basic Rent  as  defined  in
          Paragraph 6(a).  

                    "Basic Rent  Payment Dates"  shall mean the  Basic Rent
          Payments Dates as defined in paragraph 6(a).  

                    "Building Equipment" shall mean the  Building Equipment
          as defined in Paragraph 1.

                    "Commencement" or  Commencement  Date" shall  mean  the
          Commencement Date as defined in Paragraph 5(a)

                    "Condemnation"   shall   mean   a   Taking   and/or   a
          Requisition.  
                    "Condemnation Notice" shall mean notice or knowledge of
          the institution of  or intention to institute any  proceeding for
          Condemnation.  

                    "Default Rate"  shall mean the Default  Rate as defined
          in Paragraph 6(c).

                    "Disputed Amount"  shall have the meaning  set forth in
          Paragraph 6(b).

                    "Dispute Notice"  shall have  the meaning set  forth in
          Paragraph 6(b).

                    "Escrow" shall mean an escrow account to be established
          by Landlord and Tenant with an escrow agent reasonably acceptable
          to  Landlord and  Tenant into  which shall  be deposited  the Net
          Proceeds  or Net Award, as  applicable, from a  casualty event or
          Condemnation, for  disbursement in  accordance with the  terms of
          the Lease and the agreement establishing the Escrow.

                    "Expense Notice"  shall have  the meaning set  forth in
          Paragraph 6(b).  



                                        - 2 -<PAGE>





          

                    "Event of  Default" shall mean  an Event of  Default as
          defined in Paragraph 18(a).  

                    "Impositions" shall  mean the Impositions as defined in
          Paragraph 8(a).  

                    "Improvements"   shall  mean  the   Building  and  Land
          Improvements as defined in Paragraph 1.  

                    "Land" shall mean the Land as defined in Paragraph 1.  

                    "Landlord's Portion shall have the meaning  ascribed to
          it in Section 13(a).

                    "Law"  shall mean  any constitution,  statute, rule  of
          law,  code, ordinance, order, judgment, decree, injunction, rule,
          regulation  or  requirement, whether  now  existing  or hereafter
          enacted  even  if  unforeseen  or extraordinary,  of  every  duly
          constituted governmental authority, court, agency, or subdivision
          of any of the foregoing.  

                    "Leased  Premises" shall  mean the  Leased Premises  as
          defined in Paragraph 1.  

                    "Legal Requirements"  shall mean all present and future
          Laws, and all covenants, restrictions and conditions now or here-
          after of record which may be applicable to Landlord, Tenant or to
          any  of  the Leased  Premises,  or  to the  use,  manner of  use,
          occupancy, possession, operation, maintenance, alteration, repair
          or  reconstruction  of  any  of  the  Leased  Premises,  even  if
          compliance   therewith   necessitates   structural   changes   or
          improvements or results in interference with the use or enjoyment
          of any of the Leased Premises.  

                    "Net  Award" shall  mean  the entire  award payable  to
          Landlord by  reason of a Condemnation, less any expenses incurred
          by Landlord in collecting such award.  

                    "Net Proceeds"  shall mean  the entire proceeds  of any
          insurance required  under Paragraph 14(a), to  the extent payable
          to Landlord, less any expenses incurred by Landlord in collecting
          such proceeds.  

                    "Permitted  Encumbrances"  shall  mean  all  covenants,
          restrictions,  reservations,  liens,  conditions   and  easements
          presently of record with respect to the Land, which do not have a
          material adverse effect  on the  operation or use  of the  Leased
          Premises in connection with Tenant's business.

                    "Permitted Uses" shall have  the meaning ascribed to it
          in Section 4(a).



                                        - 3 -<PAGE>





          

                    "Person" shall mean  individual, partnership,  associa-
          tion, corporation or other entity.  
                    "Reimbursement Cap" shall  mean an amount of  Norwegian
          Kronor equal  to the  sum  amount of  $2.5 million  based on  the
          exchange  rate quoted by the Oslo Stock Exchange at 12:00 noon on
          the date hereof multiplied  by a fraction the numerator  of which
          is a generally recognized  cost of living index published  by the
          Government  of  Norway  and  having general  applicability  as  a
          measure of the cost of living in Norway for the year in which the
          expiration  or  other termination  of  the  Term occurs  and  the
          denominator of  which shall be the  same index for  the month and
          year in which the Commencement Date occurs.

                    "Remaining  Leased Premises"  shall  have  the  meaning
          ascribed to it in Section 13(c).

                    "Renewal Term" shall  have the meaning  given to it  in
          Paragraph 5(b).

                    "Rent" shall mean Basic Rent and Additional Rent.  

                    "Requisition"  shall mean any  temporary requisition or
          confiscation  of  the  use or  occupancy  of  any  of the  Leased
          Premises  by  any  governmental  authority,  civil  or  military,
          whether pursuant to an agreement with such governmental authority
          in  settlement  of or  under threat  of  any such  requisition or
          confiscation, or otherwise.  

                    "Restructuring  Agreement" shall  have the  meaning set
          forth in Recital Paragraph A.

                    "Restoration  Sum" shall  mean the  Restoration  Sum as
          defined in paragraph 13(c).

                    "Sale  Agreement" shall  have the  meaning given  to in
          Paragraph 3(d).

                    "State" shall mean the Kingdom of Norway.

                    "Taking" shall  mean any  taking of any  of the  Leased
          Premises  in or by condemnation  or other eminent domain proceed-
          ings pursuant to any Law, general or special, or by reason of any
          agreement  with any condemnor in settlement of or under threat of
          any such  condemnation or other eminent domain  proceeding, or by
          any other means, or any de facto condemnation.  

                    "Tenant's  Portion" shall have  the meaning ascribed to
          it in Section 13(a).

                    "Term" shall mean the term as defined in Paragraph 5.  




                                        - 4 -<PAGE>





          

                    "Termination Date"  shall mean the Termination  Date as
          defined in Paragraph 5.  

                    "Trade Fixtures"  shall have  the meaning set  forth in
          Section 1.

               3.   Title and Condition.  

                    (a)  Landlord hereby represents  and warrants to Tenant
          that  the Leased  Premises are  demised and  let subject  only to
          (i) the Permitted Encumbrances, (ii) any state  of facts which an
          accurate survey  and physical  inspection of the  Leased Premises
          would show, (iii) all Legal Requirements, it being understood and
          agreed, however,  that the recital of  the Permitted Encumbrances
          herein shall  not be construed as a  revival of any thereof which
          for  any reason  may  have expired  or  terminated and  (iv)  the
          matters  set  forth  on  Schedule  3.5(c)  to  the  Restructuring
          Agreement.  

                    (b)  Tenant hereby acknowledges that it is presently in
          possession  of the Leased Premises and hereby accepts the same in
          their current, "as is" condition.

                    (c)  Landlord  hereby  assigns,  without   recourse  or
          warranty  whatsoever, to  Tenant all  warranties,  guaranties and
          indemnities,  express  or  implied,  and  similar   rights  which
          Landlord  may have  against any  manufacturer, seller,  engineer,
          contractor or builder in  respect of any of the  Leased Premises,
          including  any rights  and  remedies existing  under contract  or
          applicable law and including  all existing warranties relating to
          the  construction of  the  Improvements on  the Leased  Premises;
          provided, however, that such assignment shall terminate and be of
          no  further  force  or  effect,  and  all  the  said  warranties,
          guaranties,  indemnities  and  other  rights  shall automatically
          revert to Landlord without the requirement of any further  action
          by  the parties,  upon  the occurrence  of  an Event  of  Default
          resulting  in termination  of this  Lease, such  assignment shall
          cease.

               4.   Use of Leased Premises; Quiet Enjoyment.  

                    (a)  Landlord represents  and warrants to  Tenant that,
          to the best of  Landlord's knowledge, use of the  Leased Premises
          by Tenant  for the uses and purposes  presently conducted thereon
          by  Tenant (the  "Permitted  Uses") does  not  violate any  Legal
          Requirements existing at Commencement except as to violations the
          existence  of which do not materially impair the continued use of
          the  Leased Premises  for the  Permitted Uses  and except  as set
          forth  on Schedule 3(c)  of the Restructuring  Agreement.  Tenant
          shall not permit any unlawful occupation, business or trade to be
          conducted on  any of the  Leased Premises or  any use to  be made



                                        - 5 -<PAGE>





          

          thereof  contrary to  any  applicable Legal  Requirement then  in
          effect.   Tenant  shall not use  or occupy  or permit  any of the
          Leased Premises to be used or occupied, nor do or permit anything
          to be done in or on any of the Leased Premises, in a manner which
          would  or  might  reasonably   be  expected  to  (i) violate  any
          certificate of  occupancy affecting  any of the  Leased premises,
          (ii) make void  or  voidable any  insurance  then in  force  with
          respect to  any of the Leased Premises,  (iii) make it impossible
          to obtain fire  or other  insurance which Tenant  is required  to
          furnish  hereunder, (iv) subject  to  the terms  of Paragraph  12
          hereof,  cause   material  structural   injury  to  any   of  the
          Improvements, or  (v) constitute a public or  private nuisance or
          waste.  

                    (b)  Landlord  agrees that,  upon  Tenant's paying  the
          Basic Rent,  Additional Rent  and other charges  herein reserved,
          and  performing  and  observing  the  covenants,  conditions  and
          agreements hereof upon  the part  of Tenant to  be performed  and
          observed,  Tenant shall  and  may peaceably  hold  and enjoy  the
          Leased  Premises during the Term (as it may be extended), without
          interruption  or disturbance  from  Landlord or  persons claiming
          through or under Landlord, subject, however, to the terms of this
          Lease.  This covenant shall be construed as running with the land
          to and against  subsequent owners and successors  in interest and
          is not,  nor  shall it  operate or  be construed  as, a  personal
          covenant of Landlord, except to the extent of Landlord's interest
          in the Leased Premises.


               5.   Term.  

                    (a)  Subject  to  the provisions  hereof,  Tenant shall
          have  and  hold  the Leased  Premises  for  a  term (the  "Term")
          commencing  on  October 3,  1994 (the  "Commencement  Date")  and
          ending on October 3, 2014. 

                    (b)  Subject to the following notice  requirements, and
          provided that  at the time of  such notice Tenant is  not then in
          default under the terms  of this Lease, Tenant is  hereby granted
          the further right (each a "Renewal  Option") to renew the Term of
          this  Lease for  four (4)  additional consecutive  five  (5) year
          terms  (each a "Renewal Term").   The Basic Rent for each Renewal
          Term shall be the then prevailing fair rental value of the Leased
          Premises as  determined in  accordance with this  Paragraph 5(b).
          Tenant  shall exercise each Renewal Option, if at all, by written
          notice to Landlord not less than  twelve (12) months prior to the
          expiration of the  then current  Term (a "Renewal  Notice").   If
          Tenant shall fail to  exercise one or more Renewal  Options, such
          failure shall  be deemed for all  purposes of this Lease  to be a
          waiver  of all  subsequent Renewal  Options.   All the  terms and
          provisions of this Lease shall apply to each Renewal Term, except



                                        - 6 -<PAGE>





          

          that:   (i)  Basic Rent  for each  year or  portion thereof  in a
          Renewal Term shall  be equal to the then current  Market Rate (as
          hereinafter  defined);  and  (ii)  Tenant  shall  have  only  the
          remaining, unexercised renewal options.  In the event that Tenant
          timely exercises a Renewal Option, Landlord and Tenant each agree
          to  execute an  amendment  to this  Lease  in a  form  reasonably
          acceptable to Tenant and Landlord reflecting the extension of the
          Term by the Renewal Term on the terms and conditions set forth in
          this  Paragraph 5(b).  If Tenant shall exercise a Renewal Option,
          on  the fifteenth (15) business day after the receipt by Landlord
          of the Renewal Notice,  Landlord and Tenant shall each  submit to
          the other in writing each party's proposed rental  rate structure
          to be  applicable to the  Renewal Term.   Each of  Landlord's and
          Tenant's proposed rental rate structure (the "Market Rate") shall
          address each of the following and shall reflect the current terms
          and conditions which each  party believes would in good  faith be
          proposed  to  third parties  seeking  comparable  lease terms  in
          accordance  with local  custom:   (a) base  rental rate;  (b) all
          items  of  additional  rent  including,  without limitation,  the
          method of real estate tax and operating expense recovery;   ( c )
          indexed, fixed  or stepped increases  to lease  rental; (d)  cash
          allowance for  tentative improvements; and (e)  rental abatement.
          If the Market Rates  proposed by the two  parties differ by  less
          than ten  percent, then  such difference  shall be  split equally
          between the two proposed rate structures, and the Market Rate for
          purposes of  this Paragraph 5(b) shall be  the average of the two
          proposals.  If such difference exceeds ten percent, then Landlord
          and Tenant shall have thirty (30)  days in which to negotiate  in
          good faith in an effort to agree upon a Market Rate.  If Landlord
          and Tenant are unable to agree  on the Market Rate in such thirty
          (30) day  period, then the  Market Rate   shall be  determined in
          accordance with the following procedure:

                    I.   Not  later than  thirty  (30)  days following  the
          expiration of  the above  thirty  (30) day  period, Landlord  and
          Tenant shall  each appoint an independent  real estate appraiser,
          who  shall have at least  ten (10) years  of appraisal experience
          with  respect  to  commercial  and industrial  rental  properties
          similar   in  nature   and  location   to  the   Leased  Premises
          ("Landlord's Appraiser" and "Tenant's  Appraiser", respectively).
          In the event that either Landlord or Tenant shall fail to appoint
          their  respective appraisers  within a  period of  ten (10)  days
          after   written  notice  and   the  other  party   to  make  such
          appointment,  then the  appraiser appointed by  the party  not in
          default  hereunder shall  appoint  a second  appraiser given  the
          qualifications set forth above.  Not later than fifteen (15) days
          after the appointment of  the last to be appointed  of Landlord's
          Appraiser  and  Tenant's   Appraiser,  Landlord's  Appraiser  and
          Tenant's  Appraiser shall  appoint a  third appraiser,  who shall
          have qualifications  comparable to  the Landlord's  Appraiser and
          the  Tenant's  Appraiser (the  "Referee").    In the  event  that



                                        - 7 -<PAGE>





          

          Landlord's Appraiser  and Tenant's Appraiser are  unable to agree
          on  the  identity of  the Referee  within  said fifteen  (15) day
          period, such  Referee shall be appointed  by generally recognized
          commercial  arbitration association  of  good  repute,  from  its
          qualified  panel of arbitrators, and shall be a person having the
          qualifications set forth above.

                    II.  Each  of the  Referee,  Landlord's  Appraiser  and
          Tenant's Appraiser shall promptly prepare its good faith estimate
          of  the  Market Rate.    On  the  fifteenth (15)  day  after  the
          appointment of the Referee, the Referee, Landlord's Appraiser and
          Tenant's  Appraiser shall each  simultaneously submit to Landlord
          and  Tenant  in sealed  envelopes  their  respective opinions  of
          Market Rate, together with  such written data in support  of said
          opinions as each respective appraiser shall deem appropriate.  If
          all three opinions of  Market Rate are within ten  percent of one
          another, then the Market Rate for purposes of this Paragraph 5(b)
          shall be  the average of the  three opinions of Market  Rate.  If
          any one of  the three opinions of  Market Rate shall differ  from
          the other two by ten percent or more, then such  opinion shall be
          disregarded,  and the Market Rate for  purposes of this Paragraph
          5(b) shall be the average of the remaining two opinions of Market
          Rate.  If  no two of the  opinions of Market Rate  are within ten
          percent of each other, then the  Market Rate for purposes of this
          Paragraph  5(b) shall be the average of the two closest opinions.
          Each party shall pay  the costs and expenses associated  with the
          appraiser selected  by such  party and  shall  share equally  the
          costs and expenses of the Referee.

               6.   Rent.  

                    (a)  Tenant shall  pay to Landlord, as  annual rent for
          the  Leased Premises  during  the Term,  the  sum of  one  dollar
          ($1.00) ("Basic  Rent"), commencing on the  Commencement Date and
          continuing on the  first and each  subsequent anniversary of  the
          Commencement Date thereafter during the Term (the said days being
          called the "Basic Rent Payment Dates"), and shall pay the same at
          Landlord's address set forth above, or at such other places or to
          such other Persons as Landlord from time to time may designate to
          Tenant in writing.   In addition, Tenant shall pay  as additional
          rent  the amounts more particularly  set forth below in Paragraph
          6(b).   Each payment of Rent  (Basic or Additional) shall be made
          in Norwegian Kronor.

                    (b)  In  addition  to Basic  Rent, Impositions  and all
          other items  of additional rent  hereunder, Tenant shall  pay and
          discharge when the same shall become due, as additional rent, all
          expenses of ownership and operation of the Leased  Premises other
          than  expenses that would not  be incurred if  Tenant rather than
          Landlord  owned  the Leased  Premises,  together  with all  other
          amounts  and obligations which Tenant assumes or agrees to pay or



                                        - 8 -<PAGE>





          

          discharge  pursuant  to this  Lease,  together  with every  fine,
          penalty, interest and  cost which  may be lawfully  added by  the
          third party payee or collecting authority for nonpayment  or late
          payment thereof  (collectively "Additional Rent").   In the event
          of any  failure  by  Tenant  to  pay  or  discharge  any  of  the
          foregoing, Landlord  shall have  all rights, powers  and remedies
          provided  herein, by law or otherwise, in the event of nonpayment
          of Basic Rent.   All  payments of Additional  Rent due  hereunder
          shall, if  not payable directly  by Tenant to the  party to which
          such amounts are owed, be due and payable not later than  fifteen
          (15) days after receipt by Tenant of an itemized invoice therefor
          from  Landlord documenting  in reasonable  detail the  amount and
          nature of  the expenses  included therein (an  "Expense Notice").
          If  Tenant  shall dispute  the nature  or  amount of  any charges
          included on an  Expense Notice  and shall so  notify Landlord  in
          writing (a "Dispute Notice") prior  to the expiration of  fifteen
          (15) days after receipt of such Expense Notice, then Tenant shall
          pay the amount  not in dispute as required hereby  and the amount
          so  disputed (the  "Disputed Amount")  shall not  become due  and
          payable until such dispute  has been resolved; provided, however,
          if  the Disputed  Amount  shall include  amounts attributable  to
          Impositions,  Tenant shall pay the portion of the Disputed Amount
          allocable to  Impositions with  all undisputed amounts  but shall
          for all purposes hereof be deemed  to have reserved all rights to
          continue  to dispute the payment thereof, and, if such dispute is
          resolved  in favor of Tenant, Tenant shall be entitled to receive
          from  Landlord a  refund  of any  Disputed  Amount so  paid.   If
          Landlord and Tenant  cannot or do not  reach agreement as  to the
          payment of the  Disputed Amount  within fifteen  (15) days  after
          receipt by Landlord of a Dispute Notice, then either party hereto
          may  submit the matter to binding arbitration pursuant to Chapter
          32 of the Norwegian Civil Procedure Act.  The costs and  expenses
          of  any arbitrator  or  arbitrators so  engaged  shall be  shared
          equally by the parties; provided, however, that  each party shall
          be  responsible  for the  payment  of all  professional  fees and
          expenses  incurred by  such  party in  connection  with any  such
          arbitration.   The amount, if any, required  to be paid by Tenant
          to  Landlord as  a result  of such arbitration  shall be  paid to
          Landlord, with interest at  the Default Rate from the  date which
          is  fifteen (15)  days after  receipt of  the Expense  Notice not
          later  than fifteen (15) days  after the decision  is rendered in
          the arbitration.

                    (c)  In the event  of and  from and after  the date  of
          occurrence of  any Event  of Default  in the  payment of any  sum
          payable  hereunder  by Tenant  as Rent  and  until such  Event of
          Default  is fully cured, Tenant shall pay to Landlord, within ten
          (10)  days  following demand  by  Landlord,  as Additional  Rent,
          interest on the principal  amount of the unpaid sums  at the rate
          (the "Default Rate") which  is equal to one-month LIBOR  plus two
          percent (2%) on  the following sums until paid in  full:  (i) all



                                        - 9 -<PAGE>





          

          overdue installments of Basic Rent  from the respective due dates
          thereof, (ii) all overdue amounts  of Additional Rent relating to
          obligations  which Landlord shall have paid  on behalf of Tenant,
          from  the date of payment  thereof by Landlord,  and (iii) on all
          other  overdue amounts of Additional  Rent from the date Landlord
          demands payment.   If, at  any time, any  sum paid or  payable by
          Tenant  to Landlord under any provision of this Lease exceeds the
          maximum  amount permitted  by applicable law,  such sum  shall be
          immediately and  automatically  reduced  to  the  maximum  amount
          permitted by applicable law  and any sum  paid in excess of  such
          maximum  amount shall,  as  of  the  date  of  such  payment,  be
          automatically credited to the advance payment of Basic  Rent next
          becoming due and otherwise unpaid.  

                    (d)  In the  event of termination  of this Lease  as to
          the entire Leased Premises pursuant  to paragraph 13(a) or  14(c)
          of this Lease, Tenant's obligation to  pay rent or any other  sum
          payable  under this  Lease  by  Tenant  shall  terminate  on  the
          effective date as such termination.

               7.   Net Lease; Tenant's Payments.  

                    (a) This is a net lease and Basic Rent, Additional Rent
          and  all other  sums payable  hereunder by  Tenant shall  be paid
          without  notice  or  demand, and  without  set-off, counterclaim,
          recoupment, abatement, suspension, deferment,  diminution, deduc-
          tion, reduction or defense (collectively, a "Set-Off"), except as
          expressly  set forth  in  Paragraph  6(b)  hereof.    It  is  the
          intention of the  parties hereto that  the obligations of  Tenant
          hereunder shall be separate  and independent covenants and agree-
          ments,  that  Basic Rent,  Additional  Rent  and  all other  sums
          payable by Tenant hereunder shall continue unaffected, unless the
          requirement to pay or perform the same shall have been terminated
          pursuant to an express provision of this Lease.

                    (b)  Each and  every payment  and expenditure  due from
          Tenant under this Lease,  other than Basic Rent, shall  be deemed
          to be Additional  Rent hereunder, whether  or not the  provisions
          requiring  payment of  such  amounts specifically  so state,  and
          shall be payable, unless otherwise provided in this Lease, within
          ten (10) days after  written demand by Landlord, and in  the case
          of  the non-payment of any  such amount, Landlord  shall have, in
          addition to all of its other rights and remedies, all the  rights
          and remedies available  to Landlord  hereunder or by  law in  the
          case of  non-payment of Basic  Rent.  Unless  expressly otherwise
          provided in this Lease, the  performance and observance by Tenant
          for all the terms, covenants  and conditions of this Lease to  be
          performed and observed by  Tenant shall be at Tenant's  sole cost
          and expense.





                                        - 10 -<PAGE>





          

               8.   Payment of Impositions; Compliance with Law.  

                    (a)  Subject to the  provisions of Paragraph 17  hereof
          (relating  to  contests),  Tenant   shall,  before  interest   or
          penalties are due thereon,  pay and discharge all taxes  of every
          kind and  nature (including  real and personal  property, income,
          franchise, withholding, capital gains, profits and gross receipts
          taxes), all charges for any easement or agreement maintained  for
          the  benefit of  any  of the  Leased  Premises, all  general  and
          special  assessments,  levies,  permits,  inspection  and license
          fees,  all water  and sewer  rents and  charges, all  charges for
          utility and communication services relating to any of  the Leased
          Premises,  and  all other  public charges  whether  of a  like or
          different nature, even   if unforeseen  or extraordinary, to  the
          extent  imposed upon  or   assessed against  for periods  of time
          during the Term (collectively,  the "Impositions").  Tenant shall
          not be required to  pay any Imposition assessed specially  on the
          Leased Premises as the   result of non-compliance by  Landlord or
          the  Leased  Premises at  or prior    to Commencement  with Legal
          Requirements existing at Commencement.

                    Nothing herein  shall obligate  Tenant to  pay federal,
          state or local  (i) franchise, capital stock or similar taxes, if
          any, of Landlord, (ii) income, excess  profits or other taxes, if
          any,  of Landlord,  determined on  the basis  of its  net income,
          (iii) any  estate, inheritance, succession,  gift or similar tax,
          or (iv) any capital gains tax imposed on Landlord by the State in
          connection with the  sale of  the Leased Premises  to any  Person
          other  than Tenant or Tenant's designee or any capital gains tax.
          In  the event  that  any assessment  against  any of  the  Leased
          Premises may  be  paid in  installments,  Tenant shall  have  the
          option to pay  such assessment in installments; provided that all
          installments  of any such assessment relating to a period of time
          during the  Term shall be  paid by  Tenant in full  prior to  the
          expiration of  the Term by  lapse of  time or otherwise.   Tenant
          shall prepare and file  all tax reports required by  governmental
          authorities  which  relate  to  the Impositions.    Tenant  shall
          deliver to Landlord, within fifteen (15) days of receipt thereof,
          copies  of   all  settlements  and  notices   pertaining  to  the
          Impositions  which may  be issued  by any  governmental authority
          and, within thirty (30) days after the  end of each calendar year
          of the Term, receipts for payments of all Impositions made during
          such year.  

                    (b)  Tenant shall promptly  comply with and conform  to
          all  of the  Legal  Requirements, subject  to  the provisions  of
          Paragraph 17 hereof.  Tenant shall not be required to correct any
          condition  of  or  on  the  Leased  Premises  which   existed  at
          Commencement  and  represented  at  Commencement  a  violation or
          noncompliance by Landlord or  the Leased Premises of or  with any
          Legal Requirement existing at Commencement.  



                                        - 11 -<PAGE>





          

               9.   Liens; Recording and Title.  

                    (a)  Subject to the  provisions of Paragraph 17  hereof
          relating to  contests, Tenant shall not,  directly or indirectly,
          create or permit to  be created or to remain,  and shall promptly
          discharge or remove,  any lien on any  of the Leased  Premises or
          Basic Rent, Additional Rent  or any other sums payable  by Tenant
          under this  Lease, other than any Permitted  Encumbrances and any
          mortgage,  lien,  encumbrance  or  other  charge  created  by  or
          resulting  from any act or  omission of Landlord  before or after
          Commencement.   NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT LANDLORD SHALL NOT BE
          LIABLE  FOR ANY LABOR, SERVICES  OR MATERIALS FURNISHED  OR TO BE
          FURNISHED  TO TENANT  OR  TO ANYONE  HOLDING  ANY OF  THE  LEASED
          PREMISES THROUGH OR UNDER TENANT, AND THAT NO MECHANICS, OR OTHER
          LIENS FOR ANY SUCH  LABOR, SERVICES OR MATERIALS SHALL  ATTACH TO
          OR AFFECT  THE INTEREST OF LANDLORD  IN AND TO ANY  OF THE LEASED
          PREMISES.  Landlord hereby represents and warrants to Tenant that
          no such  liens or claims  for lien  exist as of  the Commencement
          Date.

                    (b)  If requested by Landlord or Tenant the other party
          shall, at the  expense of the requesting party,  execute, deliver
          and, when appropriate, record, file or register from time to time
          all such instruments as may be  required by any present or future
          Law in order to evidence the respective interests of Landlord and
          Tenant  in  any of  the Leased  Premises  and shall,  at Tenant's
          expense, cause this Lease, or a memorandum of this Lease, and any
          supplement hereto or  to such other instrument, if any, as may be
          appropriate, to be recorded, filed or registered and re-recorded,
          refiled or re-registered in such manner and in such places as may
          be required  by any present  or future  Law in  order to  publish
          notices and protect the validity or priority of this Lease.  

                    (c)  Nothing in this Lease and no action or inaction by
          Landlord shall be deemed  or construed to mean that  Landlord has
          granted to Tenant any right, power or permission to do any act or
          to make any agreement which  may create, give rise to, or  be the
          foundation for, any right, title, interest or lien in or upon the
          estate of Landlord, subject to this  Lease, in any of the  Leased
          Premises.  

               10.  [INTENTIONALLY OMITTED]

               11.  Maintenance and Repair.  

                    (a)  Tenant  shall  at  all times  maintain  the Leased
          Premises  and,  to  the   extent  required  by  applicable  Legal
          Requirements, the  Adjoining Property, in substantially  the same
          condition of  repair and appearance existing  at Commencement and
          in   compliance  in   all  material   respects  with   all  Legal
          Requirements now  or hereafter enacted, except  for ordinary wear



                                        - 12 -<PAGE>





          

          and  tear and  damage  by  fire  or  other  casualty.    Tenant's
          obligations under this  Paragraph 11  shall include,  but not  be
          limited to,  maintaining and repairing  the following:   (i)  the
          roof  and all structural  elements of the  Improvements; (ii) all
          heating,  air-conditioning and ventilating equipment and systems,
          and  all  utility conduits,  fixtures  and  equipment; (iii)  all
          interior  and exterior walls  and surfaces;  (iv) all  floors and
          ceilings;  (v) all signs; (vi)  all glass, windows  and doors and
          (vii)  all  landscaping,  roadways,  parking  or  other  exterior
          improvements  to  the  Land  (including ice  and  snow  removal).
          Tenant  shall do or cause others to  do all shoring of the Leased
          Premises or Adjoining Property or of foundations and walls of the
          Improvements and every other act necessary or appropriate for the
          preservation and safety  thereof, by reason  of or in  connection
          with any excavation or  other building operation upon any  of the
          Leased  Premises or  Adjoining Property; provided,  however, that
          with  respect  to  Adjoining  Property, Tenant  shall  take  such
          actions  only  to  the  extent,  Landlord  shall,  by  any  Legal
          Requirement, be required  to take  such action or  be liable  for
          failure to do  so.  Landlord  shall not be  required to make  any
          Alteration, whether foreseen or unforeseen, or to maintain any of
          the Leased Premises or Adjoining Property in any way, unless such
          maintenance or Alteration shall represent repair or correction of
          conditions existing at Commencement  which were not in compliance
          with the representation and warranty contained in paragraph 4(a).
          Any Alteration  made by Tenant pursuant to  this Subparagraph (a)
          or pursuant to  Subparagraph (b)  of this Paragraph  11 shall  be
          made in conformity with the provisions of Paragraph 12.  

                    (b)  In  the event that any Improvement, constructed by
          Tenant  after  Commencement  shall  encroach upon  any  property,
          street or right-of-way  adjoining any of  the Leased Premises  or
          upon any Adjoining Property, shall  violate the provisions of any
          restrictive covenant affecting any  of the Leased Premises, shall
          hinder or obstruct any  easement or right-of-way to which  any of
          the Leased Premises  is subject,  or shall impair  the rights  of
          others  in, to  or  under any  of  the foregoing,  Tenant  shall,
          promptly after receiving notice or  otherwise acquiring knowledge
          thereof,  either   (i) obtain  valid  and  effective  waivers  or
          settlements of all claims, liabilities and damages resulting from
          each  such encroachment,  violation,  hindrance,  obstruction  or
          impairment,  whether the  same shall  affect Landlord,  Tenant or
          both,  or (ii) take such action  as shall be  necessary to remove
          all such encroachments, hindrances or obstructions and to end all
          such violations or  impairments, including, if necessary,  making
          Alterations.  

                    (c)  Landlord shall have the right (but no obligation),
          upon notice to Tenant  (or without notice in case  of emergency),
          to enter  upon any  of the  Leased Premises  for  the purpose  of
          making  any  Alterations which  may  be  necessary by  reason  of



                                        - 13 -<PAGE>





          

          Tenant's failure  to comply  with any provision  of subparagraphs
          (a)  and (b) of this Paragraph 11.  Promptly thereafter, Landlord
          shall notify Tenant of  such entry (if occurring in  an emergency
          without prior notice) and shall specify the cost thereof.  Except
          in  case of emergency, the  right of entry  shall be exercised at
          reasonable times and at reasonable hours.   The cost of any  such
          entry, together with the  cost of all such Alterations,  shall be
          Additional Rent; and Tenant shall pay the same to Landlord within
          ten  (10) days  following written  demand, therefor  by Landlord,
          which  shall be  accompanied  by an  itemized  statement of  such
          costs.   If not paid by Tenant  within ten (10) days after proper
          demand  by Landlord, any sums payable  under this paragraph 11(c)
          shall  thereafter be  subject to  payment  by Tenant  of interest
          thereon at the Default Rate.

               12.  Alterations.     Provided  no  default  by  Tenant  has
          occurred  and  is  continuing   hereunder,  and  subject  to  the
          limitations hereinafter set forth, Tenant shall have the right to
          (a) make any Alterations or (b) construct upon the Land any addi-
          tional  Improvements,  without  requirement  of  any  consent  or
          approval of Landlord, such right to be exercised only in a manner
          consistent  with the  reasonable  and  prudent business  judgment
          customarily exercised  by owners of properties  similar in nature
          and use to the Leased Premises.   Tenant agrees that (i) all such
          Alterations  shall  be  reasonably  related  to  the  conduct  of
          Tenant's  business on  the  Leased Premises  and construction  or
          installations  shall  be  performed  in a  good  and  workmanlike
          manner, (ii) all such Alterations, construction and installations
          shall  be expeditiously  completed in  compliance with  all Legal
          Requirements, (iii)  all work done  in connection  with any  such
          Alteration, construction or  installation shall  comply with  the
          requirements of all insurance  policies required to be maintained
          by Tenant hereunder, (iv) prior to commencement of any such work,
          Tenant  shall give Landlord not less than twenty (20) days' prior
          written  notice  to  permit  Landlord  to  file  notices  of non-
          responsibility, and Tenant shall not commence any work until such
          notices of non-responsibility  have been filed,  (v) Tenant shall
          promptly  pay  all costs  and  expenses of  any  such Alteration,
          construction or  installation and  shall discharge or  remove all
          liens filed against any of the Leased Premises arising out of the
          same, (vi) Tenant shall procure  (with joinder in any application
          by Landlord, if necessary)  and pay for all permits  and licenses
          required in connection with  any such Alteration, construction or
          installation,  (vii) all  such   Alterations,  construction   and
          installations shall be the separate property of Tenant during the
          Term;  and  (viii)  Tenant  shall give  Landlord  not  less  than
          seventy-five (75)  days written notice prior  to the commencement
          of the  demolition or removal  of Improvements  located upon  the
          Leased Premises as of the Commencement Date and having a value in
          excess of 10%  of the value of  the Improvements then  located on
          the Leased Premises.



                                        - 14 -<PAGE>





          

               13.  Condemnation.  

                    (a)  Immediately upon  Landlord or Tenant  receiving or
          acquiring a Condemnation Notice,  Landlord or Tenant shall notify
          the other party  thereof.  Landlord, at Landlord's expense, shall
          be entitled to participate  in any Condemnation proceeding and/or
          negotiations under threat thereof and to contest the Condemnation
          and/or  the amount  of  the  award  therefor.    Subject  to  the
          provisions  of  this  Paragraph  13,  Tenant  hereby  irrevocably
          assigns to Landlord any  award or payment  to which Tenant is  or
          may be  entitled by reason of any Condemnation, to the extent the
          same  shall be paid or payable for Tenant's leasehold interest in
          the Land  and any  Improvements and Building  Equipment owned  by
          Landlord and existing  thereon as of  the Commencement Date  (the
          "Landlord's   Portion);   provided,   however,  Landlord   hereby
          irrevocably assigns  to  Tenant any  award  or payment  to  which
          Landlord is or may be entitled  by reason of any Condemnation  to
          the extent the same is paid or payable for Landlord's interest in
          any Alterations (the "Tenant's Portion").   Nothing in this Lease
          shall impair Tenant's right to any award or payment on account of
          any Alterations  or of Tenant's trade  equipment, moving expenses
          or loss of business, if available, to the extent that and so long
          as (i) Tenant  shall have  the right  to make,  and does make,  a
          separate  claim  therefor against  the  condemnor,  and (ii) such
          claim  does not otherwise reduce  either the amount  of the award
          otherwise payable to Landlord  for the Condemnation of Landlord's
          fee interest in the Land.  

                    (b)  The entire  Net Award for such  Condemnation shall
          be  deposited into the Escrow and shall be disbursed therefrom as
          set forth in Paragraph 13(c) hereof.

                    (c)  If  any  portion  of the  Improvements,  including
          Building Equipment, or any appurtenance to the Leased Premises is
          taken  in  Condemnation  which  Tenant,  in  Tenant's  reasonable
          discretion and  taking into  account the  uses  and purposes  for
          which the  Leased Premises have  been demised and  let, considers
          necessary to performance of its business operations at the Leased
          Premises, then Tenant may elect to:  (i) apply the Net Award  for
          restoration  and  replacement of  the  remaining  portion of  the
          Leased  Premises affected  by such  Condemnation (the  "Remaining
          Leased Premises"); or (ii) to terminate this Lease.  Tenant shall
          provide  written notice of  such election  to Landlord  not later
          than one hundred eighty (180) days after the date on which Tenant
          shall have received the Condemnation Notice, but in any event, no
          later than  the date which  is sixty  days prior to  the date  on
          which possession of  the Leased  Premises or  portion thereof  is
          required  to be turned over  to the condemning  authority. In the
          absence of such notice, Tenant shall be deemed to have elected to
          terminate this  Lease pursuant  to clause  (ii) above. If  Tenant
          elects  to  repair  or  restore the  Remaining  Leased  Premises,



                                        - 15 -<PAGE>





          

          restoration of  the Remaining Leased Premises  shall be performed
          under Paragraph  15 of this Lease.   Tenant may elect  to restore
          less  than all of  the Remaining Leased  Premises.   In the event
          that  Tenant  shall elect  to  terminate  this  Lease, then  such
          termination  shall  be effective  on  the effective  date  of the
          Condemnation as though the Term had expired on such date.  In any
          such  event, Tenant shall submit  a proposed division  of the Net
          Award  setting forth: (i) the amount to be applied to restoration
          of  the   Leased  Premises   under  this  Paragraph   13(c)  (the
          "Restoration  Sum") if Tenant shall have elected to apply the Net
          Award to repair and restoration of the Remaining Leased Premises;
          or, (ii) the  proposed allocation  of the Net  Award between  the
          Landlord's  Portion and the Tenant's Portion if Tenant shall have
          elected to  terminate this  Lease (the "Award  Notice"). Landlord
          shall have thirty (30) days following receipt of the Award Notice
          to accept or reject  the same and to provide  Tenant with written
          notice  of Landlord's  decision.  If  Landlord rejects  the Award
          Notice,   Landlord  may   require  that   determination   of  the
          Restoration  Sum or the allocation  of the Net  Award between the
          Landlord's  Portion   and  the   Tenant's  Portion   (the  "Award
          Allocation"),  as  he  case  may  be,  be  submitted  to  binding
          arbitration  under  Paragraph 13(d).    In  the  absence of  such
          written rejection timely  given, the Net Award shall be disbursed
          from the Escrow in accordance with the Award Notice.

                    (d)  If Landlord  gives  Tenant notice  of election  of
          arbitration  as permitted  under to  paragraph 13(c),  Tenant and
          Landlord shall  each select an independent  real estate appraiser
          who is duly licensed to perform  such appraisals in the State and
          has at least ten(10) years experience in performing appraisals of
          industrial  plant  real property  of  the  nature  of the  Leased
          Premises.  The  appraisers shall  agree to a  Restoration Sum  or
          Award Allocation,  as the case may be, and submit same in writing
          to  Landlord and  Tenant  within forty-five  (45) days  following
          their appointment.  If the two (2) appraisers cannot agree, their
          separate determination shall be  averaged and shall be deemed  to
          represent their decision.  If Landlord and Tenant both accept the
          decision  of the two (2) appraisers, the Restoration Sum or Award
          Allocation,   as  the  case  may  be,  shall  be  the  amount  so
          determined.  If either Landlord or Tenant rejects the decision of
          the  two (2)  appraisers, the  two (2)  appraisers  shall jointly
          select a  third appraiser who  is qualified hereunder  within ten
          (10)  days following notice  of rejection.   The  third appraiser
          shall submit  a proposed Restoration Sum or  Award Allocation, as
          the case may be,  within thirty (30) days following  appointment.
          So  long as  the third  appraiser's proposed  Restoration Sum  or
          Award  Allocation, as the  case may be, is  neither less than 80%
          of,  nor more  than  120% of  the  original two  (2)  appraisers'
          decision (whether determined by their agreement or by averaging),
          it shall be  final and binding  on Landlord and  Tenant.  If  the
          third appraiser's proposed  Restoration Sum or  Award Allocation,



                                        - 16 -<PAGE>





          

          as the  case may be, is less than 80% of the previous appraisers'
          decision, it shall be increased to  equal 80% of said amount, and
          if it is more than 120% of the  previous appraisers' decision, it
          shall  be  decreased  to equal  120%  of  said  amount and  shall
          thereafter be final and  binding on Landlord and Tenant.   In the
          event  Tenant elects to apply  the Net Award  for restoration and
          replacement of the remaining portion of the  Leased Premises, any
          Net Award not paid  out by Tenant to third parties  in connection
          with such restoration shall be paid to Landlord to  the extent of
          the Landlord's Portion (as determined  by the procedure set forth
          above) with any remaining balance to be retained by Tenant.

               14.  Insurance.

                    (a)  Tenant,  at  its  sole  cost  and  expense,  shall
          obtain,  maintain and keep in  full force and  effect "all risks"
          property  insurance (including  flood  and  earthquake  coverage)
          which shall  insure the  Improvements against physical  damage or
          destruction in the form from  time to time in general use  in the
          State.  Said policy or policies shall insure the Improvements and
          Building Equipment  on a replacement  cost basis  for their  full
          insurable value.   All such  policies shall name  Landlord as  an
          insured and shall include an undertaking by the insurer to notify
          Landlord and Tenant  in writing  not less than  thirty (30)  days
          prior to  any material change, cancellation  or other termination
          thereof.  Such  policy shall  contain a deductible  in an  amount
          determined by Tenant in Tenant's sole discretion.  Any deductible
          will be for the account of Tenant.

                    (b)  Tenant, at  its sole cost and  expense, shall also
          obtain,  maintain and keep in full force and effect the following
          insurance:

                         (i)  "All risk" property insurance including flood
          and earthquake  coverage against physical  damage or  destruction
          upon  property of every description  and kind owned  by Tenant or
          owned by  third parties and in the  custody of Tenant and located
          at the Leased Premises.

                         (ii) Comprehensive  general   liability  insurance
          coverage to  include personal  injury, bodily injury,  broad form
          property damage, operations  hazard, owner's protective coverage,
          blanket contractual liability, products and  completed operations
          liability, naming Landlord as an additional insured, in an amount
          per  occurrence of not less than what  is customary in Norway for
          properties similar to the Leased Premises and business similar to
          the business  of Tenant  conducted thereon combined  single limit
          bodily injury and property damage.

                    (c)  In the  event of any casualty  resulting in damage
          to  any of  the  Improvements and/or  Building Equipment,  Tenant



                                        - 17 -<PAGE>





          

          shall take  all steps reasonably  required to recover  any claims
          available  under  applicable  insurance,  and  the  Net  Proceeds
          attributable  thereto shall  be  deposited into  the Escrow.   If
          Tenant, in Tenant's reasonable discretion and taking into account
          the uses and  purposes for  which the Leased  Premises have  been
          demised  and  let,  considers  the  damaged  Improvements  and/or
          Building  Equipment  necessary  to  performance  of  its business
          operations at the Leased Premises, and if Tenant shall decide, in
          Tenant's  reasonable discretion,  that such  damaged Improvements
          and/or Building Equipment  cannot be  completely restored  within
          the  time  period  necessary  for  resumption   of  use  of  said
          Improvements in  Tenant's  business operations,  then Tenant  may
          elect to  terminate this Lease.  In the event of such election by
          Tenant, to the  extent permitted by applicable Norwegian law, the
          Net  Proceeds for  damage attributable  to Alterations  and other
          property or equipment owned by Tenant shall be disbursed from the
          Escrow  to   Tenant,  and  the  portion  of   such  Net  Proceeds
          attributable to Improvements and  Building Equipment existing  on
          the Land as of the Commencement Date  shall be disbursed from the
          Escrow to Landlord.  In the event that Landlord and Tenant cannot
          agree  upon the division of  such Net Proceeds,  either party may
          require   that  the   determination  be   submitted  to   binding
          arbitration  in accordance  with  the procedure  set forth  under
          Paragraph 13(d).

                    (d)  In the  event of any casualty  resulting in damage
          to  any  of  the  Improvements  and/or  Building  Equipment,  and
          provided  that Tenant  does  not elect  to  terminate this  Lease
          pursuant to Paragraph 14(c)  hereof, the Term shall  continue and
          Tenant  shall  promptly  after  such  casualty,  as  required  in
          Paragraph 11(a), commence and  diligently continue to restore the
          Improvements and Building  Equipment as nearly as possible to the
          condition and character required by Tenant in connection with the
          operation of its business, in  accordance with the provisions  of
          Paragraphs  12 and  15.   Tenant  shall  give written  notice  to
          Landlord of Tenant's election under Paragraph 14(c) hereof within
          ninety (90) days after the  date of any such casualty and  in the
          absence  of such written notice,  Tenant shall be  deemed to have
          elected to terminate this Lease.

                    (e)  Landlord and Tenant each  hereby release the other
          from  any and all liability  or responsibility for  any direct or
          consequential loss, injury or damage  to the Leased Premises,  or
          its  contents, caused by fire  or any other  casualty, during the
          Term, even if such fire or other casualty may have been caused by
          the negligence (but not  the gross negligence of willful  act) of
          the  other party or  one for whom such  party may be responsible.
          Inasmuch as the above mutual waivers will preclude the assignment
          of any aforesaid claim by way of subrogation (or otherwise) to an
          insurance company (or any other person), Tenant hereby agrees, if
          required by  the policies  of fire  and other  property insurance



                                        - 18 -<PAGE>





          

          required  to be  maintained by  Tenant pursuant  hereto, to  give
          written notice of  the terms of said mutual waivers,  and to have
          said  insurance  policies  properly  endorsed, if  necessary,  to
          prevent  the invalidation of said insurance coverage by reason of
          said waivers.

                    (f)  If Tenant  shall elect to terminate  this Lease in
          the event of damage by fire or other casualty, then Tenant shall,
          prior  to  the  effective date  of  such  termination,  place the
          damaged portion of the  Leased Premises in a reasonably  safe and
          secure condition.

               15.  Restoration.  

                    In  the  event  that  Net   Proceeds  or  a  Net  Award
          (including, for  purposes of this paragraph,  any portion thereof
          representing  a Restoration  Sum) are applied  by Tenant  for the
          restoration  of  any  of   the  Land,  Improvements  or  Building
          Equipment, Tenant shall  disburse such Net Proceeds  or Net Award
          as follows.   Disbursements shall  be made from  time to  time in
          accordance  with  such  terms  and  procedures  as  Tenant  shall
          reasonably require and upon receipt of (A) satisfactory evidence,
          including architects' certificates,  of the stage  of completion,
          of the estimated  cost of  completion and of  performance of  the
          work to date in a good and workmanlike  manner in accordance with
          the contracts and plans and specifications, (B) waivers of liens,
          and (C) contractors'  and subcontractors' sworn statements  as to
          completed work for which payment is requested.

               16.  Assignment and  Subletting.  So  long as no  default by
          Tenant has  occurred and  is continuing, Tenant  may assign  this
          Lease or sublet all or any of the Leased Premises at any time  to
          any  other  party without  the prior written  consent of Landlord
          but  subject to all other terms and  provisions of this Lease. No
          assignment or sublease shall impose any additional obligations on
          Landlord  under this  Lease.  Within  ten  (10)  days  after  the
          execution and delivery of any such sublease, Tenant shall deliver
          an original counterpart thereof to Landlord.  Upon the occurrence
          and  during the  continuance of  an Event  of Default  under this
          Lease, Landlord shall have  the right immediately or at  any time
          thereafter to collect and enjoy all rents and other sums of money
          payable under any  sublease of  any of the  Leased Premises,  and
          Tenant hereby irrevocably and  unconditionally assigns such rents
          and money to Landlord, which assignment may be exercised upon and
          after (but not  before) the  occurrence of an  Event of  Default.
          (Tenant hereby agrees to  execute any document (including without
          limitation  an  assignment  or  waiver) required  to  effect  the
          assignment  granted  by  Tenant  to  Landlord  in  the  foregoing
          sentence.)  It  shall  be a  condition  of  the  validity of  any
          assignment or  subletting that  the assignee or  sublessee agrees
          directly  with  Landlord,  in  form  reasonably  satisfactory  to



                                        - 19 -<PAGE>





          

          Landlord,  to be  bound  by all  the  obligations of  the  Tenant
          hereunder, including, without  limitation, the obligation  to pay
          the  rent and  other amounts  provided for  under the  Lease, but
          neither such assignment  or subletting nor the agreement  of said
          assignee or subtenant  shall relieve the  Tenant named herein  of
          any  of the obligations of the tenant hereunder, and Tenant shall
          remain  fully  and primarily  liable  therefor.   No  assignment,
          subletting or use of the Leased Premises by any third party shall
          permit any  Alteration which is not  otherwise permitted pursuant
          to  Paragraph 12  of this  Lease. Notwithstanding  the foregoing:
          (i) any assignment of this Lease first made, first taking effect,
          or,  to the extent continuing after the expiration of the Initial
          Term,  shall be permitted without the consent of Landlord only if
          same is in connection with a sale of the portion  of the business
          of Tenant conducted from the Leased Premises; (ii) any subletting
          of  the Leased Premises shall terminate at the end of the Initial
          Term unless such  subletting is made in connection with a sale of
          the portion of the  business of Tenant conducted from  the Leased
          Premises; and (iii)  after the Initial Term,  no subletting shall
          be  permitted except in connection with  a sale of the portion of
          the  business  of  Tenant  conducted from  the  Leased  Premises,
          provided  that Tenant shall be  permitted to sublet  up to twenty
          five  percent  (25%) of  the Leased  Premises  so long  as Tenant
          continues  to use the remaining seventy five percent (75%) of the
          Leased  Premises for the  Permitted Uses. Any  profit received by
          Tenant,  determined  after  taking  into account  all  costs  and
          expenses incurred  by Tenant in connection therewith, as a result
          of any such assignment or subletting shall be retained by Tenant,
          unless, as a result  of any such assignment or  subletting Tenant
          no  longer occupies any material portion  of the Leased Premises,
          and  the use  then  being made  of  the  Leased Premises  by  the
          sublessee  or assignee is not  reasonably related to the business
          previously conducted from the Leased Premises by Tenant.

                    17.  Permitted Contests.   In instances where  payment,
          compliance or  performance is otherwise the  obligation of Tenant
          under this Lease,  Tenant shall  not be required  to (i) pay  any
          Imposition,    (ii) comply    with    any   Legal    Requirement,
          (iii) discharge or remove any lien referred to in  Paragraph 9 or
          12, (iv) take any action with respect to any encroachment, viola-
          tion,  hindrance,  obstruction  or   impairment  referred  to  in
          Paragraph 11(b), or  (v) comply with a provision  of an insurance
          policy  carried hereunder or  a requirement of  an insurer there-
          under, so long as Tenant shall contest, in good faith  and at its
          expense, the existence, the  amount or the validity thereof,  the
          amount of  the damages  caused thereby  or the  extent of  its or
          Landlord's liability therefor,  by appropriate proceedings  which
          shall  operate during  the  pendency thereof  to prevent  (i) the
          collection of, or other realization upon, the Imposition, lien or
          claim so contested, (ii) the  sale, forfeiture or loss of  any of
          the Leased Premises,  any Basic  Rent or any  Additional Rent  to



                                        - 20 -<PAGE>





          

          satisfy the same or to pay any damages caused by the violation of
          any such Legal  Requirement or by  any such encroachment,  viola-
          tion, hindrance, obstruction  or impairment, (iii) any  interfer-
          ence with the  use or occupancy  of any of  the Leased  Premises,
          (iv) any interference with the  payment of any Basic Rent  or any
          Additional Rent, and (v) the  cancellation or modification of any
          fire  or other insurance policy,  or any restriction  on its full
          enforceability by Tenant or Landlord in accordance with its terms
          or  on the  right  to collect  the proceeds  thereof.   While any
          proceedings which comply with  the requirements of this Paragraph
          17 are  pending, Landlord shall not have the right to pay, remove
          or cause to be  discharged the Imposition, lien or  claim thereby
          being  contested.  Tenant  further agrees that  each such contest
          shall be promptly  and diligently prosecuted  to a final  conclu-
          sion, except that Tenant shall, so long as the conditions of this
          Paragraph  17 are at all  times complied with,  have the right to
          attempt  to settle  or compromise  such contest  through negotia-
          tions.  Tenant shall pay, and save Landlord harmless against, any
          and all losses, judgments,  decrees and costs (including, without
          limitation  all  reasonable  attorneys'  fees  and  expenses)  in
          connection with  any such contest  and shall, promptly  after the
          final  determination of such contest, fully pay and discharge the
          amounts which shall be levied, assessed, charged or imposed or be
          determined  to be  payable  therein or  in connection  therewith,
          together with all penalties,  fines, interest, costs and expenses
          thereof  or in  connection therewith, and  perform all  acts, the
          performance  of which  shall be  ordered or  decreed as  a result
          thereof.  No such contest shall  subject Landlord to  the risk of
          any civil or criminal liability.  

               18.  Conditional Limitations; Default Provision.  

                    (a)  The occurrence of any one or more of the following
          shall constitute an  Event of  Default under this  Lease:   (i) a
          failure by  Tenant to make  when due  any payment of  Basic Rent,
          Additional Rent or other sum herein required to be paid by Tenant
          which  failure shall  continue for  ten (10)  days after  written
          demand  for such payment by Landlord; or (ii) a failure by Tenant
          duly to  perform and  observe, or a  violation or breach  of, any
          other provision  hereof which failure, violation  or breach shall
          continue  for thirty (30) or more days after written and specific
          demand  for its cure is made  by Landlord to Tenant unless Tenant
          shall have  commenced  the cure  of  such failure,  violation  or
          breach and  shall be diligently pursuing the  same to completion,
          or  (iii) Tenant vacates or abandons the Leased Premises and such
          vacation or  abandonment shall  continue for  a period  of thirty
          (30) days after notice by Landlord to Tenant.

                    (b)  If  an  Event  of  Default  shall  have  occurred,
          Landlord shall have the right at its option, then or  at any time




                                        - 21 -<PAGE>





          

          thereafter to do any one or more of the following without further
          demand upon or notice to Tenant:  

                         (i)  Landlord may give Tenant notice of Landlord's
                    intention to  terminate this Lease on  a date specified
                    in such notice, which date shall not be less than sixty
                    (60) days following such notice.  Upon the date therein
                    specified, the Term, the  estate hereby granted and all
                    rights  of Tenant hereunder, shall expire and terminate
                    as if  such date were  the date hereinbefore  fixed for
                    the expiration of the Term.  Nevertheless, Tenant shall
                    be  and remain liable for all  of its obligations under
                    this  Lease,  including  its  liability  for  Rent,  as
                    hereinafter provided. 

                        (ii)  Landlord may, whether or not the Term of this
                    Lease shall have been terminated pursuant to clause (i)
                    above, (A) give  Tenant notice to surrender  any of the
                    Leased Premises to Landlord on a date specified in such
                    notice, which date  shall not be  less than sixty  (60)
                    days following the giving of such notice, at which time
                    Tenant shall  surrender and  deliver possession  of the
                    Leased Premises  or the  specified  portion thereof  to
                    Landlord,  or  (B) reenter  and  repossess  any of  the
                    Leased Premises, with legal  process, or without  legal
                    process  upon ninety  (90)  days notice  to Tenant,  by
                    peaceably  entering the  Leased  Premises and  changing
                    locks or by summary proceedings, ejectment or any other
                    lawful  means  or procedure.   Upon  or any  time after
                    taking  possession  of  any  of  the  Leased  Premises,
                    Landlord  may,  by peaceable  means  or  legal process,
                    remove  any Persons  or property  therefrom.   Landlord
                    shall be under  no liability  for or by  reason of  any
                    such entry, repossession or removal.  No such notice or
                    demand to Tenant to  surrender or deliver possession of
                    the Leased  Premises or entry or  repossession shall be
                    construed as an election  by Landlord to terminate this
                    Lease unless  Landlord gives  a written notice  of such
                    intention to Tenant pursuant to clause (i) above. 

                       (iii)  Whether  or not  this Lease  shall have  been
                    terminated  pursuant to  clause  (i) above  or Landlord
                    shall  have taken  possession  of  the Leased  Premises
                    pursuant to clause (ii)  above, Landlord shall have the
                    right (but shall be under no obligation) (A) to reenter
                    the Leased Premises at  any time and from time  to time
                    and/or (B) to relet any of the  Leased Premises to such
                    tenant or tenants, for such term or terms (which may be
                    greater or  less than the period  which would otherwise
                    have  constituted the  balance of  the Term),  for such
                    rent, on such conditions and for such uses as Landlord,



                                        - 22 -<PAGE>





          

                    in its absolute discretion, may determine, and Landlord
                    may collect and receive any rents  payable by reason of
                    such reletting.   Any rents received  by Landlord, less
                    Landlord's  costs of  reletting, shall  be  credited to
                    Tenant's Rent  liability  under this  Lease.   Landlord
                    shall  have  any and  all  duties  to mitigate  damages
                    provided  by any  applicable law.   Landlord  shall not
                    otherwise be  responsible or liable for  any failure to
                    relet the  Leased Premises or  any part thereof  or for
                    any  failure to  collect  any rent  due  upon any  such
                    reletting.   Landlord  may  make  such  Alterations  as
                    Landlord,  in its sole  discretion, may deem advisable.
                    Such Alterations  shall be  made at  Landlord's expense
                    unless  Landlord is  otherwise  permitted to  make them
                    under paragraph  11(c) hereof.  Landlord  may appoint a
                    receiver  to  protect  Landlord's  interest  under this
                    Lease  and may eject some,  all or no  persons from the
                    Leased Premises.  Landlord shall be entitled to receive
                    and retain all rents, profits  and income from the use,
                    operation or occupance of any of the Leased Premises.

                         (iv) Landlord at its option  may, but shall not be
                    obligated to,  without waiving  any  default, make  any
                    payment required  of Tenant  herein or comply  with any
                    agreement, term, covenant or condition  required hereby
                    to  be  performed  by  Tenant.    The  amount  so paid,
                    together  with interest  at the  Default Rate  from the
                    date  of such  payment by  Landlord, shall  be for  the
                    account  and at the expense of Tenant, and shall be due
                    and payable  by Tenant  to Landlord as  Additional Rent
                    five (5) days after notice by Landlord to Tenant.
            
                        (v)   Landlord  may  exercise  any other  right  or
                    remedy now or hereafter existing by Law or in equity.  

                        (vi)  If  an  Event  of Default  has  occurred  and
                    Landlord has exercised its right under this Section 18,
                    Tenant  hereby  consents to  eviction  without  a court
                    decision in accordance wit the Enforcement Act, Section
                    13-2, 3rd sentence, litera  a) and b).  Tenant  may not
                    submit a  counterclaim to the Landlord  or make reduced
                    payments, unless  the counterclaim is  approved by  the
                    Landlord.

                    (c)  This  Lease  shall  continue  in  full  force  and
          effect,  all of  Tenant's liabilities  and  obligations hereunder
          shall continue and  Landlord may  enforce all of  its rights  and
          remedies  hereunder, including the right to  receive Rent and all
          other sums payable to Landlord hereunder, unless this Lease shall
          terminate or be  terminated pursuant  to Paragraph 13,  14 or  5,
          whether  or  not  (i) Tenant  shall  have  abandoned  the  Leased



                                        - 23 -<PAGE>





          

          Premises,  (ii) Landlord  shall  have  exercised  any  rights  or
          remedies hereunder,  including  the  right  to  make  Alterations
          pursuant  to  Paragraph  11(c)  hereof, or  (iii) a  receiver  is
          appointed to protect Landlord's interest under this Lease.  

                    No expiration or termination  of this Lease pursuant to
          Paragraph 18(b)(i)  or  any other  provision  of this  Lease,  by
          operation  of  law  or  otherwise, before  the  Termination  Date
          provided  in Paragraph  5  or, if  applicable,  the date  of  any
          termination occurring under Paragraphs  13 or 14, no repossession
          of  any of the Leased Premises pursuant to Paragraph 18(b)(ii) or
          otherwise (unless  Landlord shall  occupy the Leased  Premises or
          any  portion  thereof for  use by  Landlord  or any  affiliate of
          Landlord for its own business purposes), nor any reletting of any
          of  the Leased  Premises pursuant  to Paragraph  18(b)(iii) shall
          relieve  Tenant of any of its liabilities for Rent (except to the
          extent  that Tenant is entitled  to receive credit  for net rents
          received by Landlord resulting  from reletting of any portion  of
          the Leased Premises), all of which shall survive such expiration,
          termination, repossession or reletting.  

                    (d)  With  respect  to  any  remedy  or  proceeding  of
          Landlord hereunder, Tenant  and Landlord waive (i) any right to a
          trial by jury.

               19.  Additional Rights of Landlord  

                    (a)  No right  or remedy conferred upon  or reserved to
          Landlord  is intended  to  be exclusive  of  any other  right  or
          remedy, and each and  every right and remedy shall  be cumulative
          and  in addition to any other  right or remedy given hereunder or
          now  or hereafter existing by Law or  in equity.  Upon the occur-
          rence of any Event of Default, Landlord shall have the right (but
          no obligation) to perform any  act required of Tenant  hereunder,
          whether  as agent for Tenant  or otherwise; and  the cost thereof
          shall be Additional Rent hereunder and shall be paid by Tenant to
          Landlord, together with interest thereon at the Default Rate from
          the Date payment of  such cost is demanded by  Landlord, until it
          shall be fully  paid by Tenant.  Tenant acknowledges that time is
          of the essence in  the performance of its obligations  under this
          Lease.  No failure of Landlord (i) to insist at any time upon the
          strict performance  of any  provision of  this Lease,  or (ii) to
          exercise  any option, right,  power or  remedy contained  in this
          Lease   shall  be   construed  as   a  waiver,   modification  or
          relinquishment  thereof.  A receipt  by Landlord of  any Basic or
          Additional  Rent or other sum due hereunder with knowledge of the
          breach  of any  provision contained  in this  Lease shall  not be
          deemed a waiver of such breach,  and no waiver by Landlord of any
          provision  of this Lease shall be deemed to have been made unless
          expressed in a  writing signed by Landlord.   In addition  to the
          other remedies  provided in this  Lease, Landlord shall  be enti-



                                        - 24 -<PAGE>





          

          tled, to  the extent permitted  by applicable Law,  to injunctive
          relief  in  case of  the  violation, or  attempted  or threatened
          violation, of any of the provisions of this Lease, or to specific
          performance of any of the provisions of this Lease.  Tenant shall
          likewise  have recourse,  to the  extent permitted  by applicable
          law, to injunctive relief and  specific performance, in the event
          of violation, or attempted or threatened violation, of any of the
          provisions of this Lease by Landlord.

                    (b)  In  the  event  of  any  litigation  commenced  by
          Landlord  or Tenant for enforcement  of or damages  for breach of
          any term,  covenant, provision or  obligation of this  Lease, the
          prevailing party shall be  entitled to receive reimbursement from
          the  other party  of  all costs  and  expenses incurred  in  such
          proceedings  by   the  prevailing  party,   including  reasonable
          attorneys fees and expenses.

                    (c)  If  Landlord   shall  be  made  a   party  to  any
          litigation commenced  by any  third party  and pertaining  to any
          obligation  assumed or to be performed by Tenant under this Lease
          and  not performed by Tenant as  required hereunder, Tenant shall
          pay  all costs,  including,  without  limitation, all  reasonable
          attorney's fees  and expenses,  incurred or  paid by Landlord  in
          connection with such litigation.

                    (d)  Except  for breaches  of  the  representation  and
          warranty set forth  in Paragraph  3(a) hereof, with   respect  to
          which Tenant hereby reserves all  remedies it may have hereunder,
          at law,  or in equity,  Tenant shall  neither assert nor  seek to
          enforce  any  claim  for breach  of  this  Lease  against any  of
          Landlord's assets  other than  Landlord's interest in  the Leased
          Premises, and Tenant agrees  to look solely to such  interest for
          the satisfaction of  any liability of Landlord  under this Lease,
          it  being  specifically agreed  that  neither  Landlord, nor  any
          successor,  holder  of  Landlord's  interest  hereunder,  nor any
          beneficiary  of any trust  of which any person  from time to time
          holding  Landlord's interest  is trustee,  nor any  such trustee,
          shall ever be personally liable for any such liability.

               20.  Notices.  All  notices,  demands,  requests,  consents,
          approvals, offers, statements and other instruments or communica-
          tions (other than payments  of Rent) required or permitted  to be
          given  pursuant to  the  provisions of  this  Lease shall  be  in
          writing and shall be deemed  to have been given for  all purposes
          when  given in accordance with  the provisions of  Section 7.1 of
          the Restructuring Agreement.   

               21.  Estoppel Certificate.   Tenant  shall, at any  time and
          from time  to time, upon  not less than  twenty (20) days'  prior
          written request by Landlord,  execute, acknowledge and deliver to
          Landlord a statement in writing, executed by a general partner of



                                        - 25 -<PAGE>





          

          Tenant, certifying (i) that this Lease  is unmodified and in full
          force and effect (or, if there have been modifications, that this
          Lease is in full force and effect as  modified, and setting forth
          such  modifications,   (ii) the  dates   to  which  Basic   Rent,
          Additional Rent and  all other sums  payable hereunder have  been
          paid, (iii) that, to the  actual knowledge of the signer  of such
          certificate,  no  default by  either  Landlord  or Tenant  exists
          hereunder or specifying each such default of which the signer may
          have actual knowledge.   It is intended that any  such statements
          by  Tenant  may  be  relied upon  by  Landlord,  any  prospective
          purchaser  from   Landlord  of   the  Leased  Premises   and  any
          prospective  lender to  Landlord  whose loan  is  intended to  be
          secured  by the Leased  Premises or Landlord's  rights under this
          Lease,  but  only   if  such  Persons  other  than  Landlord  are
          specifically identified  to Tenant  upon request by  Landlord for
          the estoppel  certificate.   Any certificate required  under this
          Paragraph  21 shall (i) state briefly the nature and scope of the
          examination or  investigation upon which the statements contained
          in  such certificate are based,  which nature and  scope shall be
          reasonably  satisfactory to  Landlord,  and  (ii) certify to  the
          correctness of the statements contained therein.

               22.  Surrender.  

                    (a)  Upon the expiration or earlier termination of this
          Lease,  Tenant shall  peaceably  leave and  surrender the  Leased
          Premises (except  for any portion  thereof with respect  to which
          this   Lease   has   previously   terminated)   to   Landlord  in
          substantially  the same  condition in  which the  Leased Premises
          were originally received from Landlord at the Commencement except
          as  repaired, rebuilt, restored, altered, replaced or added to as
          permitted  or required by any provision of this Lease, except for
          ordinary wear  and tear  and  for any  damage  by fire  or  other
          casualty which Tenant is  not required by the provisions  of this
          Lease to  repair or restore and  except for the removal  of Trade
          Fixtures and  other property  of Tenant as  hereinafter provided.
          Tenant shall remove from the Leased Premises on or prior  to such
          expiration or earlier termination all Trade Fixtures and Building
          Equipment  and other property which  is owned by  Tenant or third
          parties  other  than Landlord  and  Tenant,  and  Tenant, at  its
          expense,  shall,  on or  prior  to  such  expiration  or  earlier
          termination, repair any damage caused  by such removal.  Property
          not  so  removed shall,  at the  option  of Landlord,  become the
          property  of  Landlord.    Landlord  may  thereafter  cause  such
          property  to be removed from  the Leased Premises  subject to the
          provisions of any agreement made  in writing between Landlord and
          any third party having an interest in such property; and the cost
          of  removing and  disposing  of such  property and  repairing any
          damage to any of the Leased Premises caused by such removal shall
          be borne by Tenant.  




                                        - 26 -<PAGE>





          

                    (b)     Upon  surrender  of  the   Leased  Premises  in
          accordance   with  the  provisions  of  Paragraph  22(a)  hereof,
          Landlord  shall  pay  to  Tenant  the  then  book  value  of  all
          Alterations made by Tenant during the Term or any Renewal Term as
          reflected in Tenant's books  calculated in accordance with United
          States  generally  accepted  accounting  principles  consistently
          applied.   Notwithstanding the  foregoing, Landlord shall  not be
          required  to   reimburse  Tenant  for  the  book   value  of  any
          Alterations  made by Tenant during the final five (5)years of the
          Term the  book value of which at the expiration of the Term shall
          exceed the Reimbursement Cap.   Further, Landlord's obligation to
          reimburse  Tenant   for  the  then  book   value  of  Alterations
          constructed by Tenant during the final five (5) years of the Term
          shall, with respect to alterations constructed in any single year
          in  such five  year  period,  be  limited  to  one-fifth  of  the
          Reimbursement  Cap. Landlord's  obligations under  this Paragraph
          22(b) shall not apply with respect to Alterations constructed  by
          Tenant the cost of  which was paid for  out of Net Awards  or Net
          Proceeds pursuant to  Sections 13 and 15  hereof, to  the  extent
          such  Net Awards  or  Net Proceeds  would  have been  payable  to
          Landlord  had Tenant elected to terminate  this Lease pursuant to
          either  of such Sections  and (ii) Alterations  relating to Trade
          Fixtures.

               23.  No Merger of Title.   There shall be no merger of  this
          Lease nor of the leasehold estate created by this Lease  with the
          fee estate  in or  ownership of  any  of the  Leased Premises  by
          reason of  the fact that the  same Person may acquire  or hold or
          own, directly or indirectly,  (a) the leasehold estate created by
          this  Lease  or  any part  thereof  or  interest  therein or  any
          interest  of  Tenant in  this Lease,  and  (b) the fee  estate or
          ownership of any  of the Leased Premises or  any interest in such
          fee  estate or ownership; and  no such merger  shall occur unless
          and  until all Persons having  any interest in  (i) this Lease as
          Tenant  or  the  leasehold  estate  created  by  this  Lease, and
          (ii) this Lease as Landlord or the fee estate  in or ownership of
          the Leased Premises or any part thereof sought to be merged shall
          join in a written instrument effecting such merger and shall duly
          record the same.  

               24.  Environmental.  The provisions  of Section 7.2(b)(v) of
          the  Restructuring  Agreement  are  incorporated  herein  by this
          reference with respect to the Leased Premises.

               25.  Miscellaneous.  The  paragraph headings  in this  Lease
          are  used only for convenience in finding the subject matters and
          are not  a part of  this Lease or  to be used in  determining the
          intent of the parties  or otherwise interpreting this Lease.   As
          used  in this Lease, the singular shall include the plural as the
          context requires.  In the event any one or more of the provisions
          contained  in this  Lease  shall for  any reason  be  held to  be



                                        - 27 -<PAGE>





          

          invalid,   illegal  or   unenforceable  in   any  respect,   such
          invalidity, illegality or  unenforceability shall not  affect any
          other  provision of this Lease, but this Lease shall be construed
          as  if such invalid, illegal or unenforceable provision had never
          been contained herein.   This  Lease shall be  governed and  con-
          strued  according to the Laws  of the State.  Any dispute arising
          out  of or in connection with this Agreement and/or any agreement
          arising out of  this Agreement shall,  if no amicable  settlement
          can  be  reached  through  negotiations, be  finally  settled  by
          arbitration in Oslo,  Norway  The   arbitration proceedings shall
          be  held in  accordance with  Chapter 32  of the  Norwegian Civil
          Procedure Act.

               26.  Termination by Tenant.  Notwithstanding any other  term
          of this Lease  to the contrary,  Tenant shall have  the right  to
          terminate this Lease at  any time upon not less  than twelve (12)
          months prior written notice  thereof to Landlord.  Upon  any such
          termination, this  Lease shall terminate  and expire on  the date
          specified in Tenant's notice as if the  Term had expired by lapse
          of time.

               27.  Indemnification.  Tenant hereby agrees to indemnify and
          defend  Landlord, its officers, directors and employees, against,
          and hold them  harmless from, any loss,  liability, claim, damage
          or  expense   (including  reasonable  legal  fees  and  expenses,
          collectively, a  "Loss") for or on account  of or arising from or
          in connection with or otherwise with respect to (i) any liability
          assumed by Tenant  under this Lease and  (ii) the conduct  of the
          business of Tenant at the Leased  Premises after the Commencement
          Date and any liability of Tenant incurred in connection therewith
          or  relating thereto.  Pursuant  to the terms  of this indemnity,
          the Landlord  shall be  indemnified by  Tenant against Losses  or
          claims of third parties arising from the liabilities and business
          activities of Tenant described in the preceding sentence and made
          against  the Landlord's  officers or  directors and  employees by
          reason of the fact  that such Persons are officers  or directors,
          and  employees of the Landlord, except in cases of Landlord's own
          negligence or  wilful misconduct,  or instances of  default under
          this Lease by Landlord.  The  termination of any claim, issue  or
          matter with respect  to Landlord by judgment or  settlement shall
          not  in  itself create  a presumption  that  the Landlord  is not
          entitled to  indemnity hereunder.

               28.  Mortgage   by  Landlord.    Notwithstanding  any  other
          provision  of this Lease to the contrary, Landlord shall have the
          right  to   mortgage,  pledge,   assign  or  otherwise   encumber
          (collectively, a  "Mortgage") its  interest in the  Land provided
          that   any  such   Mortgage  shall   be  expressly   and  without
          qualification  subordinate to this Lease and the rights of Tenant
          hereunder,    such subordination  to  be evidenced  by  a written




                                        - 28 -<PAGE>





          

          agreement in  form reasonably satisfactory to  Tenant executed by
          the party to whom such Mortgage is given.

               29.  Partial Invalidity. In the event any one or more of the
          provisions contained in this  Lease shall for any reason  be held
          to  be invalid,  illegal or  unenforceable in  any respect,  such
          invalidity,  illegality or  enforceability  shall not  affect any
          other  provision hereof, but each  shall be construed  as if such
          invalid,  illegal  or  unenforceable  provision  had  never  been
          included hereunder.  

               30.  Parking Area.  By  lease  agreement  dated January  21,
          1984, Landlord  currently leases  from Norges  Spatsbaner certain
          real property consisting of  approximately 4,823 square meters of
          land  which  is used  as parking  in  connection with  the Leased
          Premises  (the "Parking Area").   A true and  correct copy of the
          lease for  the Parking Area (the "Parking  Lease"), including all
          amendments and modifications thereto,  if any, is attached hereto
          as Exhibit  B.   Landlord shall  use all  commercially reasonable
          efforts to obtain the consent required under the Parking Lease to
          permit Landlord to sublease  the Parking Area to Tenant,  and, if
          such  consent is obtained, Landlord and Tenant shall enter into a
          sublease  of the Parking Area on substantially the same terms and
          conditions as the Parking  Lease and the rent payable  under such
          sublease  shall  be the  rent and  other  sums payable  under the
          Parking  Lease (the  "Parking Sublease").   The  Parking Sublease
          shall terminate on the  first to occur of the  termination of the
          Parking Lease and the termination of this Lease.  Until such time
          a  Landlord  shall obtain  the consent  required for  the Parking
          Sublease,  Tenant shall be permitted  to use the  Parking Area on
          the same terms  and conditions  as are applicable  to the  Leased
          Premises pursuant  hereto, subject to any additional restrictions
          or  limitations as  may be  set forth  in  the Parking  Lease and
          Tenant  shall reimburse  Landlord  for all  expenses incurred  by
          Landlord under the Parking lease during such period promptly upon
          receipt of  an invoice therefor  from Landlord.   Landlord hereby
          covenants and  agrees with  Tenant that  Landlord shall  take all
          actions reasonably  necessary to  perform its obligations  as the
          tenant under the Parking Lease, including, without limitation the
          payment of rent thereunder; provided, however, that all costs and
          expenses incurred by  Landlord in  so doing, less  the amount  of
          rent  payable by Tenant under the Parking Sublease, if any, shall
          be payable by Tenant as additional rent hereunder.











                                        - 29 -<PAGE>





          

               IN  WITNESS WHEREOF,  Landlord and  Tenant have  caused this
          Lease  to be  duly executed as  of the  day and  year first above
          written.  

                                        LANDLORD: 

                                        A.L INDUSTRIER AS


                                        By:    /s/ E.W. Sissener          
                                         Title:  Managing Director


                                        TENANT: 

                                        APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM AS


                                        By:    /s/ E.W. Sissener          
                                         Title: Managing Director


































                                        - 30 -<PAGE>





          

                                      EXHIBIT A


                    Estate no.  31, lot  no.  60 and  lot no.  161 in  Oslo
          municipality (in  Norwegian:   gnr. 31,  bnr.  60 og  161 i  Oslo
          kommune).<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>9
<TEXT>










                          ADMINISTRATIVE SERVICES AGREEMENT


          Between

                A.L. Industrier A.S ("A.L. Industrier"), Harbitzalleen, 3
                0275 Oslo, Norway; and

                Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S, Harbitzalleen 3, 0275 Oslo,
                Norway ("New A.L. Oslo")

          this Administrative Services Agreement (the "Agreement") is
          entered into on this 3rd day of October, 1994;

          1.    PURPOSE

          A.L. Industrier presently operates the business activities that
          are listed in Schedule 1 hereto.

          New A.L. Oslo has the required experience, expertise and compe-
          tence to provide certain administrative services described below
          (the "Services") to A.L. Industrier and its subsidiaries within
          its organization ("the A.L. Industrier Group") and desires to
          provide the Services to A.L. Industrier.

          A.L. Industrier desires to hire New A.L. Oslo to provide the
          Services.

          2.    THE SERVICES

          The Services to be provided by New A.L. Oslo shall include all
          administrative services required by the A.L. Industrier Group to
          assist in the administration of their businesses provided,
          however, to the extent that any Services would have a material
          adverse effect on New A.L. Oslo, New A.L. Oslo shall not be
          obligated to provide such Services.  The Services shall initially
          be provided by the employees listed in Schedule 2 hereto (it
          being expressly understood that in connection with the provision
          of the Services New A.L. Oslo may substitute any or all of such
          employees).  The initial Services shall include (as requested by
          A.L. Industrier and the A.L. Industrier Group) the following:

          2.1   administrative services relating to the maintenance of
                administrative and financial information relating to the
                A.L. Industrier Group including, but not limited to:  (i)
                assisting in preparation and control of annual budgets;
                (ii) assisting in providing advice concerning lending and
                financing matters;  (iii) assisting in cash management;
                (iv) assisting in the control and implementation of pay-<PAGE>








                ments of liabilities; (v) assisting in the control and
                collection of payables and indebtedness; (vi) assisting in
                the preparation of the accounts and the Annual Report of
                A.L. Industrier; (vii) assisting in the preparation and
                filing of VAT filings and other tax returns and similar
                forms and documentation; and (viii) assisting with filings
                to the Company Register, VAT and customs reporting and
                reporting to the Register of Accounts and similar institu-
                tions;

          2.2   administrative services relating to corporate matters,
                including: (i) issuing Notices and Agendas for Meetings of
                the Board of Directors, meetings of the General Assembly
                and Shareholders Meetings; and (ii) assistance with the
                maintenance of the Shareholders' Register; and


          2.3   miscellaneous administrative services including: (i) as-
                sisting in the implementation and maintenance of insurance;
                (ii) assisting in personnel matters; (iii) assisting with
                payroll services for the following A.L. Industrier Group
                companies:  A/S AgroTek, Almedica A/S, A/S Nopal, A/S
                Platevern-Kjemi and Dynal A.S.; and (iv) assisting with
                inhouse medical and health services for the following A.L.
                Industrier Group companies: Almedica A/S, A/S Nopal (em-
                ployees at the Billingstad office only) and Dynal A.S.


          3.    MANAGEMENT OF A.L. INDUSTRIER

          A.L. Industrier shall be managed under the exclusive control of
          its Board of Directors and all powers that legally or customarily
          reside in Board of Directors shall remain with the Board of
          Directors and shall not be affected by this Agreement. In addi-
          tion, this Agreement shall not affect the rights of the share-
          holders of A.L. Industrier under applicable law.


          4.    PAYMENT TO NEW A.L. OSLO

          4.1   All Services rendered hereunder shall be provided and
                charged for on an hourly basis other than payroll and
                inhouse medical and health services, which shall be calcu-
                lated on the basis of the number of the A.L. Industrier
                Group employees being serviced by New A.L. Oslo.  New A.L.
                Oslo shall within 60 days of the end of each calendar year
                present the calculations for the hourly rates for the

                                          2<PAGE>








                subject year for the various personnel involved in provid-
                ing services hereunder (and the per employee charge for
                payroll and inhouse medical and health services) and such
                calculations shall be subject to the approval in advance of
                A.L. Industrier.1  The hourly rate for each employee pro-
                viding services (other than employees engaged in providing
                payroll and inhouse medical and health services) shall be
                calculated based upon (together, the "Pricing Criterion")
                (i) all direct costs of the employee to New A.L. Oslo for
                the year such Services are to be rendered, and (ii) all
                indirect overhead costs for the year such Services are to
                be rendered, which shall include allocations for office ex-
                penses, occupancy, office equipment expenses, insurance and
                similar expenses.  The aggregate fee for providing payroll
                and inhouse medical and health services to all persons
                (including employees of New A.L. Oslo and the A.L.
                Industrier Group) shall be based upon New A.L. Oslo's
                direct and indirect costs (the "Payroll and Medical Cost
                Criterion") of providing such services (to employees of New
                A.L. Oslo and the A.L. Industrier Group) divided by the
                number of persons being served by such services and multi-
                plied by the number of the A.L. Industrier Group employees
                being served by such services.

          4.2   If New A.L. Oslo and A.L. Industrier shall not agree within
                70 days of the end of each calendar year on the hourly
                rates and other fees payable in connection with the provi-
                sion of Services hereunder, then such disagreement shall be
                submitted to and resolved by an independent certified
                public accountant selected jointly by A.L. Industrier and
                New A.L. Oslo with the cost of such independent certified
                public accountant to be paid one-half by New A.L. Oslo and
                one-half by A.L. Industrier.  The independent certified
                public accountant shall calculate the hourly rates and
                other fees payable in connection with the provision of
                services hereunder by utilizing the Pricing Criterion and
                the Payroll and Medical Cost Criterion.

          4.3   All personnel rendering services to the A.L. Industrier
                Group (other than personnel providing payroll or inhouse

                                   
               1     Prior to the execution of this Agreement at the
                     closing of the Restructuring Agreement, the parties
                     will jointly produce a schedule setting forth the
                     information required to be calculated for purposes
                     of this section for 1994.

                                          3<PAGE>








                medical and health services) shall prepare time sheets on a
                continuous basis, and such time sheets shall include infor-
                mation concerning (i) the personnel involved, (ii) the
                amount of time expended and (iii) the type of assistance
                rendered to the A.L. Industrier Group.  The time sheets
                shall be made available to A.L. Industrier on a monthly
                basis for control purposes.

          4.4   A.L. Industrier shall also reimburse New A.L. Oslo for all
                out-of-pocket costs and expenses necessarily incurred by
                New A.L. Oslo in connection with rendering services to the
                A.L. Industrier Group pursuant to this Agreement.  The
                documentation related to such expenses shall be made avail-
                able to A.L. Industrier on a monthly basis for control pur-
                poses.

          4.5   New A.L. Oslo shall on a monthly basis invoice A.L.
                Industrier for services rendered in the prior month to the
                A.L. Industrier Group, provided that New A.L. Oslo shall
                invoice A.L. Industrier for services provided from January
                1, 1994 through the date this Agreement is executed on the
                date this Agreement is executed.

          4.6   Payment according to the invoice shall be made in cash not
                later than 30 days after receipt of such invoice.  All in-
                voices shall be issued and paid for in the currency in
                which the cost is incurred.

          4.7   Notwithstanding any other provision contained in this
                Section 4, A.L. Industrier shall be required to pay to New
                A.L. Oslo a minimum of NOK 5,650,000 with respect to ser-
                vices rendered hereunder in 1994, regardless of the date
                that this Agreement is executed, a minimum of NOK 4,000,000
                with respect to services rendered hereunder in 1995, and a
                minimum of NOK 3,000,000 with respect to services rendered
                hereunder in 1996.  New A.L. Oslo shall determine any
                amounts owing under this Section 4.7 within 30 days after
                each of December 31, 1994, December 31, 1995 and December
                31 1996 and shall invoice A.L. Industrier, if necessary,
                for the minimum annual amount less amounts invoiced and
                paid pursuant to Section 4.5 for services rendered in such
                year.  A.L. Industrier shall pay such invoice within 30
                days of receipt of any such invoice.





                                          4<PAGE>








          5.    TERM OF AGREEMENT

          This Agreement shall have an initial term of three years begin-
          ning as of January 1, 1994.  After the expiration of the initial
          term, this Agreement shall be extended for successive one year
          terms unless terminated by a party pursuant to 6 months prior
          written notice.   

          6.    CONFIDENTIALITY

          6.1   During the term of this Agreement and for a period of three
                years from the date of termination of this Agreement, New
                A.L. Oslo is to hold secret and in strict confidence any
                and all information and documentation related to the A.L.
                Industrier Group and their activities; provided, however,
                that this provision shall not apply to information which at
                the time of disclosure to New A.L. Oslo is generally avail-
                able to and known by the public (other than as a result of
                a disclosure directly or indirectly by New A.L. Oslo or its
                representatives), or is available to New A.L. Oslo on a
                nonconfidential basis from a source other than the A.L.
                Industrier Group, provided that such source is not and was
                not bound by a confidentiality agreement with any member of
                the A.L. Industrier Group.  New A.L. Oslo agrees not to
                disclose directly or indirectly to any third party, unless
                required by applicable laws or regulations, any information
                relating to the A.L. Industrier Group or the business
                except in the due and proper performance during the term of
                this Agreement.  Upon any termination of this Agreement,
                New A.L. Oslo will upon A.L. Industrier's request either
                (i) collect and deliver to A.L. Industrier all documents
                obtained or examined by (or derived from documents obtained
                or examined by) its representatives who are not employees
                of the A.L. Industrier Group then in its possession and any
                copies thereof or (ii) cause such representatives to de-
                stroy such documents and copies and deliver to A.L.
                Industrier certificates of destruction with respect to such
                documents and copies.

          6.2   All documents, business related information, data and
                information otherwise existing prior to or created during
                the performance of the Services, shall be the exclusive
                property of A.L. Industrier, and New A.L. Oslo shall deliv-
                er to A.L. Industrier all such material and copies request-
                ed upon termination of this Agreement.



                                          5<PAGE>








          7.    STANDARD OF PERFORMANCE; INDEMNIFICATION

          7.1   New A.L. Oslo warrants that in the performance of the
                services hereunder, New A.L. Oslo and its personnel shall
                act with diligence, honesty and competence in accordance
                with the same standard as it applies to its own affairs;
                provided, that New A.L. Oslo shall not be liable to A.L.
                Industrier for any claims, demands, causes of action, loss,
                investigations, proceedings, damages, penalties, fines,
                expenses, insurance, and judgements, including attorneys'
                fees (herein collectively "Claims"), incurred by A.L.
                Industrier in connection with the Services provided by New
                A.L. Oslo hereunder, unless such Claims arise from New A.L.
                Oslo's material breach of this Agreement, or the willful
                misconduct or gross negligence of New A.L. Oslo.

          7.2   A. L. Industrier agrees, to the fullest extent permitted by
                law, to hold New A.L. Oslo harmless and to indemnify and
                defend New A.L. Oslo from third parties for all Claims
                arising out of this Agreement, unless such Claim arose out
                of a material breach of this Agreement by New A.L. Oslo, or
                the willful misconduct or gross negligence of New A.L.
                Oslo.  New A.L. Oslo agrees, to the fullest extent permit-
                ted by law, to hold A.L. Industrier harmless and to indem-
                nify and defend A.L. Industrier from third parties for all
                Claims arising out of a material breach of this Agreement
                by New A.L. Oslo, or the willful misconduct or gross negli-
                gence of New A.L. Oslo.

          8.    INSURANCE

          New A.L. Oslo will obtain and maintain throughout the period of
          this Agreement employers liability, employees compensation, and
          third party insurance and all other standard insurance relevant
          for New A.L. Oslo.

          9.    COOPERATION

          New A.L. Oslo shall cooperate fully with any other contractors or
          sub-contractors used by A.L. Industrier and give them all reason-
          able assistance when requested to do so by A.L. Industrier.

          10.   ASSIGNMENT

          Subject to the prior written consent of A.L. Industrier (which
          consent shall not be unreasonably withheld), New A.L. Oslo shall
          have the right to assign or delegate its obligations under this

                                          6<PAGE>








          Agreement to a third party, provided that the assignee expressly
          assumes and agrees to perform the assigned obligations of New
          A.L. Oslo hereunder.

          11.   ARBITRATION

          Any dispute which cannot be resolved by mutual agreement within a
          period of sixty (60) days shall be finally resolved by arbitra-
          tion in accordance with the Rules of Conciliation and Arbitration
          of the International Chamber of Commerce ("ICC").  Any such arbi-
          tration may be initiated by the delivery of a notice in writing
          by either party hereto to the other party following any such
          sixty (60) day period.  The arbitration panel shall comprise
          three (3) arbitrators, one (1) to be appointed by A.L.
          Industrier, one (1) to be appointed by New A.L. Oslo, and the
          third by the first two (2) arbitrators.  If either of the first
          two (2) arbitrators are not appointed within the time provided by
          said rules, or the two (2) arbitrators fail to agree on the
          choice of the third within thirty (30) days after their respec-
          tive appointments become effective, such arbitrator(s) shall be
          appointed by the International Court of Arbitration of the ICC. 
          The place of arbitration shall be London, England.  The language
          to be used in the arbitral proceeding shall be English.  The
          decision and award of the arbitration panel shall be final, non-
          appealable and binding on both parties and their successors and
          assigns hereunder, shall include a decision regarding the alloca-
          tion of costs relating to any such arbitration and all matters
          related thereto, and shall be enforceable in any court of compe-
          tent jurisdiction in accordance with the United Nations Conven-
          tion on the Recognition and Enforcement of Foreign Arbitral
          Awards.

          12.   ENTIRE AGREEMENT

          This Agreement contains the entire agreement between the parties
          with respect to the subject matters hereof and supersedes all
          previous documentation or understandings between the parties, and
          may not be modified except in writing signed by duly authorized
          representatives of the parties.

          13.   NOTICES

          Any notice, request, instruction or other document to be given
          hereunder by any party to the other shall be in writing and shall
          be deemed given if delivered personally, sent by reputable
          overnight courier or by registered or certified mail (return re-
          ceipt requested), postage prepaid, or telecopied (which is con-

                                          7<PAGE>








          firmed) to the parties at the following addresses (or at such
          other address for a party as shall be specified by like notice):

                    (a)  if to A.L. Industrier A.S

                         A.L. INDUSTRIER A.S
                         Postboks 158 Skoyen
                         N-0212 Oslo 2
                         Norway

                         Attention:  Einar W. Sissener
                                     Managing Director

                         with a copy to

                         WIERSHOLM MELLBYE & BECH
                         Kirkegaten 15
                         Postboks 400 Sentrum
                         0103 Oslo
                         Norway

                         Attention:  Per Raustol

                    (b)  if to New A.L. Oslo at any time, to

                         APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S
                         c/o A.L. LABORATORIES INTERNATIONAL, INC.
                         One Executive Drive
                         Fort Lee, NJ 07024

                         Attention:  Jeffrey Smith,
                                     Executive Vice President and
                                     Beth P. Hecht
                                     Corporate Counsel

                         with copies to

                         KIRKLAND & ELLIS
                         Citicorp Center
                         153 East 53rd Street
                         New York, New York 10022

                         Attention:  Frederick Tanne





                                          8<PAGE>








                         and

                         ADVOKATFIRMAET FOYEN & CO ANS.
                         Oscarsgate 52
                         N-0258 Oslo
                         Norway

                         Attention:  Heikki Giverholt

          14.   GOVERNING LAW

          This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance
          with Norwegian law and the parties hereby submit to the non-
          exclusive jurisdiction of the Norwegian courts, the venue to be
          in Oslo.

          15.   COUNTERPARTS

          This Agreement may be signed in any number of counterparts, each
          of which shall be an original for all purposes, but all of which
          taken together shall constitute one Agreement.



























                                          9<PAGE>










                    IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Agreement has been duly
          executed and delivered by the duly authorized officers of the
          parties hereto on the date first hereinabove written.


          Signed for and on behalf of        Signed for and on behalf of 
          A.L. INDUSTRIER A.S:               APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S:



           /s/ E.W. Sissener                  /s/ E.W. Sissener           
          By:  E.W. Sissener                 By:  E.W. Sissener
          Title:  Managing Director          Title:  Managing Director

































                                            10<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>10
<TEXT>







          Translation from Norwegian





                                             August 10, 1972



          Einar W. Sissener
          CEO/President 

          Here



          Position of CEO/President

          On behalf of the Board of Directors, we hereby take the liberty
          of confirming that you have taken office, as of July 1, 1972, as
          CEO/President of our company.

          Pursuant to our talks, I wish to underline that you may not
          assume commissions or assignments outside the company, without
          the Board's consent thereto, but must give the company all your
          time and labour.

          Your salary, working conditions, etc. shall at all times be
          determined by the Board.  Your salary shall be adjusted on the
          Board's decision, having due regard to the company's growth,
          general and special working conditions, as well as overall price
          and salary trends.

          In respect of your appointment, a mutual period of notice of one
          year shall apply, entailing resignation at the following year-
          end.

          In respect of your appointment, the applicable pension age shall
          be 67 years.  Upon retirement when reaching pension age, you are
          entitled to an annual pension amounting to 2/3 of the average
          cash salary received during the last 3 years prior to retirement. 
          The company shall cover this pension commitment by means of an
          insurance, insofar as such an arrangement is financially
          practical.  The amount of pension not covered by insurance shall
          be paid directly and on a monthly basis by the company.

          Your pension also entails a widow's pension amounting to 60% of
          your pension, or 40% of your average annual cash salary during
          the last 3 years prior to death, while still occupying a position
          in the company.  In the event you are survived by children under
          the age of 20, the widow's pension shall be increased by 10% of
          the amount of widow's pension for every child, until such child
          has reached the age of 20.<PAGE>





          Retirement pension and widow's pension shall both be indexed each
          year on the basis of the consumer price index issued by the
          Central Bureau of Statistics, the point of departure being the
          index figure as of the 15th of the month prior to retirement or
          death.

          The Board is of the opinion that your salary, working conditions
          and pension terms shall, in standard and in terms, correspond to
          those applicable for similar positions in Norwegian industry
          which one might naturally compare with.

          Should circumstances arise entailing the termination of your
          appointment, you are entitled to an indemnity, in addition to
          your ordinary salary during the period of notice, corresponding
          to two years' salary, if you, from the time of your appointment
          with the company on January 1, 1960, have spent less than 20
          years in the company's service, and 3 years' salary if you have
          spent 20 years or more in the company's service.

          You shall be entitled to a corresponding indemnity, in the event
          expropriation or similar forced interventions on the part of
          Government wholly or partially lead to such a reduction in the
          company's activities that you no longer find it reasonable to
          continue in your position.  In both events, you shall, as far as
          necessary, assist our companies with advice and guidance during
          the period in which you are receiving indemnity payments.

          In the unlikely event that a situation of conflict should arise
          between yourself and the company's Board of Directors concerning
          your work situation, in the broadest sense of the term, such
          conflict shall be settled by arbitration.  The arbitration board
          shall consist of 3 members, of which you and the Board of
          Directors shall appoint one each, the third member being
          appointed by the Federation of Norwegian Industries.  The
          arbitration board's decision is final and binding and shall
          comply with the provisions of the statute's arbitration chapter.

          We feel confident of continued positive collaboration for the
          good of the company.

          Yours sincerely

          A/S APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM
             for Specialpraparater

             (Illegible signature)<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>11
<TEXT>







          Translation from Norwegian

          APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S.


          Ingrid Wiik                             Oslo, October 5, 1989
          President

          Here



          RE.  EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

          As an addition to your terms of employment (Employment Contract
          dated July 5, 1983 with subsequent amendments), the following
          shall apply:

          "In the event APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S. were to undertake
          organizational and/or appointment changes, or other significant
          changes of your working conditions/sphere of responsibilities,
          which you do not wish to accept, and consequently wish to
          terminate your employment with the company, you shall be entitled
          to receive salary and other benefits for a period of 18 months
          counting from the time that said situation arose. It is
          presupposed that you give due notice thereof, not later than 30
          days following the notification to you of the decision to
          undertake any such changes.  The above-stated terms shall also
          apply if you should withdraw from your position at the company's
          request, unless the company were to have just cause for
          dismissal/discharge, in which case your Employment Contract and
          the provisions of the Working Environment Act shall apply.

          Should you wish professional assistance in connection with your
          work to find new employment, the company will provide external
          consultancy services and cover the costs thereof.

          Kindly confirm our common understanding by returning the enclosed
          copy, duly signed.

          Yours sincerely

          E. W. Sissener (signed)
          President



          Confirmed:
          Oslo, October 9, 1989

          Ingrid Wiik (signed)<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>12
<TEXT>







          Translation from Norwegian

          APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S.


          Thor Kristiansen                        Oslo, October 5, 1989
          President

          Here



          RE.  EMPLOYMENT CONTRACT

          As an addition to your terms of employment (Employment Contract
          dated November 28, 1979 with subsequent amendments), the
          following shall apply:

          "In the event APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S. were to undertake
          organizational and/or appointment changes, or other significant
          changes of your working conditions/sphere of responsibilities,
          which you do not wish to accept, and consequently wish to
          terminate your employment with the company, you shall be entitled
          to receive salary and other benefits for a period of 18 months
          counting from the time that said situation arose.  It is
          presupposed that you give due notice thereof, not later than 30
          days following the notification to you of the decision to
          undertake any such changes.  The above-stated terms shall also
          apply if you should withdraw from your position at the company's
          request, unless the company were to have just cause for
          dismissal/discharge, in which case your Employment Contract and
          the provisions of the Working Environment Act shall apply.

          Should you wish professional assistance in connection with your
          work to find new employment, the company will provide external
          consultancy services and cover the costs thereof.

          Kindly confirm our common understanding by returning the enclosed
          copy, duly signed.

          Yours sincerely

          E. W. Sissener (signed)
          President



          Confirmed:
          Oslo, October 9, 1989

          Thor Kristiansen (signed)        <PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>13
<TEXT>







          Translation from Norwegian


          APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S.


                                                  October 2, 1991


          Dr. med. vet. Knut Moksnes
          Tuengv. 24 Vinderen
          0374 OSLO






          OFFER OF EMPLOYMENT WITH APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S.

          With reference to the talks conducted between yourself and Mr. E.
          W. Sissener, CEO/President, I have the pleasure of offering you
          the post of Vice President Aquatic Animal Health.  You will
          report directly to the CEO/President and the terms of your
          employment will be as follows:

          1.   Date of commencement to be agreed.  The company wishes you
               to take office as soon as possible, with due regard to the
               termination of your current position.  Latest date of
               commencement: January 1, 1992.

          2.   Your annual salary will be NOK 525 000, and will be
               considered for adjustment in accordance with corporate
               guidelines.

          3.   A company car will be placed at your disposal in accordance
               with guidelines in effect.

          4.   Your telephone subscription and a reasonable number of
               tariff counts will be covered.

          5.   You will be enrolled in A.L.'s pension scheme with Vital, in
               accordance with regulations currently in effect. 
               Information concerning current regulations is herein
               enclosed.  

          6.   You will be covered by the company's group life insurance
               with Vital and travel insurance with Vesta, the premiums of
               which will be covered by the company.  See enclosed
               information concerning these insurance schemes.

          7.   A.L. will cover your annual membership fee in the Norwegian
               Association of Veterinaries, as well as your annual
               subscription for a national newspaper.<PAGE>
<PAGE>






          8.   The normal working week at A.L. is 37.5 hours.  Normal
               working hours extend from 08.00 to 16.00, with 1/2 hour
               lunch-break.  Your post does not entitle to overtime pay.

          9.   In respect of your appointment, a mutual period of notice of
               3 months shall apply, counting from the expiry of the
               relevant calendar month.  Any notice of termination shall be
               given in writing.

          10.  In this appointment, you will be bound by a duty of
               confidentiality, and we enclose herein a Declaration of
               Confidentiality, which we request you to return, duly
               signed.

          11.  In all other respects, reference is made to general company
               regulations, to be found in the enclosed Personnel Manual.

          Should the company decide to terminate the post of Vice President
          Aquatic Animal Health, you will be offered another post with A.L.
          at the level of vice president or director, and your salary will
          be retained.  In the alternative, the company may choose to
          terminate your employment by means of payment of a remuneration
          which in total corresponds to one annual salary, counting from
          the date on which notice was given thereof.

          We hope you will find the above-stated terms to your
          satisfaction, and kindly request you to confirm your appointment
          by returning the enclosed copy of this letter, duly signed.

          Yours sincerely
          APOTHEKERNES LABORATORIUM A.S.


          Per Westborg (signed)
          Vice President HR



          The above-stated terms are hereby accepted.

          October 2, 1991

          Knut Moksnes (signed)


          Enclosures<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-11
<SEQUENCE>14
<TEXT>


                                                      Exhibit 11
                                           A.L. Pharma Inc.
                            Computation of Earnings (Loss) per Common Share
                                       Primary and Fully Diluted
                           (Dollars in thousands, except for per share data)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                             Twelve Months Ended
                                                                 December 31,               
                                                       1994           1993(A)         1992(A)
      Computation for Statement of Operations

      Primary earnings (loss) per share:
        <S>                                        <C>           <C>              <C>
        Income (loss) from continuing operations
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $    (1,703)   $    10,129     $    13,551

        Discontinued operations, net of tax                                             4,809

        Income (loss) before extraordinary item
        and cumulative effect of change in
        accounting principle                            (1,703)        10,129          18,360

        Extraordinary item, net of tax                    (683)

        Cumulative effect of change in accounting 
        principle                                                                       2,614

        Net income (loss)                          $    (2,386)   $    10,129     $    20,974

        Average common shares outstanding           21,568,000     21,510,000      18,264,000

        Earnings per common share - Primary

        Income (loss) from continuing operations
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      0.74

        Income (loss) before extraordinary item
        and cumulative effect of change in
        accounting principle                       $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      1.01

        Extraordinary item, net of tax             $     (0.03)   $               $

        Cumulative effect of change in 
        accounting principle                       $              $               $      0.14

        Net income (loss)                          $     (0.11)   $      0.47     $      1.15

      Additional primary computation (B)

        Average common shares outstanding           21,568,000     21,510,000      18,264,000

          Dilutive effect of outstanding options
          determined by treasury stock method           97,538         70,788         124,062
                                                    21,665,538     21,580,788      18,388,062
        Earnings (loss) per common share - Primary

        Income (loss) from continuing operations
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      0.74<PAGE>


        
        Income (loss) before extraordinary item
        and cumulative effect of change in 
        accounting period                          $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      1.00
                                        
        Extraordinary item, net of tax             $     (0.03)   $               $
         
        Cumulative effect of change in accounting
        principle                                  $              $               $      0.14

        Net income (loss)                          $     (0.11)   $      0.47     $      1.14<PAGE>


                                                                                      Exhibit 11
                                           A.L. Pharma Inc.
                      Computation of Earnings (Loss) per Common Share (continued)
                                       Primary and Fully Diluted
                           (Dollars in thousands, except for per share data)

                                                                Twelve Months Ended
                                                                    December 31,            
                                                       1994           1993            1992
      Computation for Statement of Operations

      Fully diluted earnings (loss) per share:

        Income (loss) from continuing operations
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $    (1,703)   $    10,129     $    13,551

        Additions:
         Interest on convertible debentures, 
           net of tax                                                                   2,448
         Amortization of deferred debenture costs,
           net of tax                                                                      49

        Income (loss) from continuing operations 
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $    (1,703)   $    10,129     $    16,048

        Discontinued operations, net of tax                                             4,809

        Income (loss) before extraordinary item
        and cumulative effect of change in 
        accounting principle                            (1,703)        10,129          20,857

        Extraordinary item, net of tax                    (683)

        Cumulative effect of change in accounting
        principle                                                                       2,614

        Net income (loss)                          $    (2,386)   $    10,129     $    23,471

        Average common shares outstanding           21,568,000     21,510,000      18,264,000
        additions:
          Assumed conversion of convertible
            debentures as of beginning of period                                    3,180,067
          Dilutive effect of outstanding options
            determined by treasury stock method         97,538         70,788         124,062
                                                    21,665,538     21,580,788      21,568,129

      Earnings (loss) per common share - Fully Diluted

        Income (loss) from continuing operations
        before extraordinary item and cumulative
        effect of change in accounting principle   $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      0.74

        Income (loss) before extraordinary item and
        cumulative effect of change in accounting
        principle                                  $     (0.08)   $      0.47     $      0.97

        Extraordinary item, net of tax             $     (0.03)   $               $

        Cumulative effect of change in accounting<PAGE>


        principle                                  $              $               $      0.12

        Net income (loss)                          $     (0.11)   $      0.47     $      1.09

      (A)   Reflects the retroactive effect of the October 1994 merger, accounted for as a
            pooling of interest, with A.L. Oslo.

      (B)   This calculation is submitted  in accordance with Regulation S-K,  Item 601(b)
            (11) although not required by footnote 2 to paragraph 14 of APB Opinion No. 15
            because such calculation results in dilution of less than 3%.<PAGE>
</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>15
<TEXT>







                                   A.L. PHARMA INC.

                            SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

                                                                 EXHIBIT 21

                                                       Jurisdiction
                                                         in which
                    Name                                 Organized 

          United States:

          A. L. Specialty Chemicals, Inc.              Delaware

          Barre Parent Corporation                     Delaware

          Barre-National, Inc.                         Maryland

          G. F. Reilly Company                         Delaware

          ParMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.                 Delaware

          Biomed, Inc.                                 Washington

          NMC Laboratories, Inc.                       New York

          Able Laboratories, Inc.                      New Jersey

          Wade Jones Company, Inc.                     Arkansas

          MikJan Corporation                           Arkansas

          Foreign:

          Apothekernes Laboratorium AS                 Norway

          Norgesplaster                                Norway

          A.L-Pharma A/S                               Denmark

          A/S Dumex (Dumex, Ltd.)                      Denmark

          Dumex AG                                     Switzerland

          Dumex B.V.                                   Holland

          Dumex Lakemedal AB                           Sweden

          Dumex Limited                                United Kingdom

          Oy Dumex AB                                  Finland

          P. T. Dumex Indonesia                        Indonesia

          A/S Dumex Norway                             Norway<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>16
<TEXT>







                                                                 Exhibit 23


                          CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS





               We  consent  to  the   incorporation  by  reference  in  the
          Registration  Statements of  A.L.  Pharma, Inc.  (formerly A.  L.
          Laboratories, Inc.) on Form S-8 (File Nos. 2-97830, 33-37516, 33-
          14625,  33-28221 and 33-46860) of our report dated March 1, 1995,
          on  our  audits  of   the  financials  statements  and  financial
          statement  schedule of A.L.  Pharma, Inc. and  Subsidiaries as of
          December 31,  1994 and 1993, and  for each of the  three years in
          the period ended December  31, 1994, which report is  included on
          page F-2 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.





                                                  Coopers & Lybrand L.L.P.



          Parsippany, New Jersey
          March 30, 1995<PAGE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>17
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>                     <C>                     <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   YEAR                   YEAR                   YEAR
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1994             DEC-31-1993             DEC-31-1992
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1994             DEC-31-1993             DEC-31-1992
<CASH>                                          15,512                  11,647                 0
<SECURITIES>                                         0                       0                 0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  119,084                  97,306                 0
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0                       0                 0
<INVENTORY>                                    106,297                  88,132                 0
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               250,499                 202,913                 0
<PP&E>                                         303,370                 250,624                 0
<DEPRECIATION>                                 100,467                  79,909                 0
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 592,318                 527,617                 0
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          154,650                 139,205                 0
<BONDS>                                              0                       0                 0
<COMMON>                                         4,370                   4,360                 0
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0                       0                 0   
<PREFERRED>                                          0                       0                 0
<OTHER-SE>                                     176,918                 199,573                 0
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   592,318                 527,617                 0
<SALES>                                        469,263                 402,675                 358,632
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               469,263                 402,675                 358,632
<CGS>                                          275,543                 233,423                 194,665
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  275,543                 233,423                 194,665
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               177,742                 139,038                 128,658
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0                       0                       0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              15,355                  14,996                  18,534
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                  1,736                  17,098                  20,712
<INCOME-TAX>                                     3,439                   6,969                   7,161
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                            (1,703)                  10,129                  13,551
<DISCONTINUED>                                      0                        0                   4,809
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                  (683)                       0                  0     
<CHANGES>                                           0                        0                   2,614
<NET-INCOME>                                   (2,386)                  10,129                  20,974
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                    (.11)                     .47                    1.15
<EPS-DILUTED>                                    (.11)                     .47                    1.09
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
