-----BEGIN PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
Proc-Type: 2001,MIC-CLEAR
Originator-Name: webmaster@www.sec.gov
Originator-Key-Asymmetric:
 MFgwCgYEVQgBAQICAf8DSgAwRwJAW2sNKK9AVtBzYZmr6aGjlWyK3XmZv3dTINen
 TWSM7vrzLADbmYQaionwg5sDW3P6oaM5D3tdezXMm7z1T+B+twIDAQAB
MIC-Info: RSA-MD5,RSA,
 JZry7M9PiILgXr77gCMIDTgQ+PFNuDtb3qXu/lsqCYiVOmlntccapMAFtYPKrEtm
 sDbkYg86pyadohCkVsNm6A==

<SEC-DOCUMENT>0000730469-99-000001.txt : 19990329
<SEC-HEADER>0000730469-99-000001.hdr.sgml : 19990329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000730469-99-000001
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		6
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	19981231
FILED AS OF DATE:		19990326

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALPHARMA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000730469
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				222095212
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-08593
		FILM NUMBER:		99573856

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE EXECUTIVE DR
		STREET 2:		P O BOX 1399
		CITY:			FORT LEE
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07024
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2019477774

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	A L PHARMA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960513

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	A L LABORATORIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703
</SEC-HEADER>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>10-K
<SEQUENCE>1
<TEXT>



               SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION
                     WASHINGTON, D.C.  20549
                           FORM 10 - K
                                
        Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15 (d) of
               the Securities Exchange Act of 1934

      For the fiscal year ended               Commission File No.
1-8593
     December 31, 1998
                          ALPHARMA INC.
     (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)
                                
          Delaware                         22-2095212
        (State    of    Incorporation)        (I.R.S.    Employer
Identification No.)

               One Executive Drive, Fort Lee, New Jersey    07024
                (Address  of principal executive offices)     zip
code

                         (201) 947-7774
       (Registrant's Telephone Number Including Area Code)
                                
Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

                                        Name of each Exchange on
      Title of each Class                       which Registered

      Class A Common Stock,             New York Stock Exchange
        $.20 par value

      Subordinated Convertible Notes    New York Stock Exchange


Securities  registered pursuant to Section 12  (g)  of  the  Act:
None

Indicate  by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed  all
reports  to  be  filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of  the  Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months  (or  for
such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such
reports),  and  (2) has been subject to such filing  requirements
for the past 90 days.  YES  X    NO     .

Indicate  by  check  mark  if  disclosure  of  delinquent  filers
pursuant  to Item 405 of Regulation S-K is not contained  herein,
and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge,
in  definitive  proxy or information statements  incorporated  by
reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to  this
Form 10-K.  (    )

The  aggregate market value of the voting stock of the Registrant
(Class  A Common Stock, $.20 par value) as of March 10, 1999  was
$734,958,000.

The  number  of  shares outstanding of each of  the  Registrant's
classes of common stock as of March 10, 1999 was:

  Class A Common Stock, $.20 par value - 17,763,347 shares;
   Class B Common Stock, $.20 par value - 9,500,000 shares.

              DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE:

Portions of the Proxy Statement relating to the Annual Meeting of
Shareholders  to  be  held on June 10, 1999 are  incorporated  by
reference   into  Part  III  of  this  report.   Other  documents
incorporated by reference are listed in the Exhibit index.
                             PART I

Item 1.   Business

GENERAL

      The  Company is a multinational pharmaceutical company that
develops, manufactures and markets specialty human pharmaceutical
and  animal health products. The Company manufactures and markets
approximately 600 pharmaceutical products for human  use  and  40
animal  health  products. The Company conducts business  in  more
than  60  countries and has approximately 3,000 employees  at  38
sites in 22 countries. For the year ended December 31, 1998,  the
Company  generated  revenue and operating  income  of  over  $600
million and $65 million, respectively.


Formation

      The  Company was originally organized as A.L. Laboratories,
Inc.,  a  wholly  owned  subsidiary of Apothekernes  Laboratorium
A.S., a Norwegian healthcare company (the predecessor company  to
A.L. Industrier). In 1994, the Company acquired the complementary
human  pharmaceutical and animal health business  of  its  parent
company  and  subsequently changed its name to Alpharma  Inc.  to
operate  worldwide  as  one  corporate entity  (the  "Combination
Transaction").


Controlling Stockholder

      A.L.  Industrier beneficially owns all of  the  outstanding
shares  of  the Company's Class B Common Stock, or 35.2%  of  the
Company's  total common stock outstanding at December  31,  1998.
The  Class  B Common Stock bears the right to elect more  than  a
majority  of  the  Company's Board of Directors  and  to  cast  a
majority  of the votes in any vote of the Company's stockholders.
Mr.  Einar Sissener, Chairman of the Board of the Company  and  a
controlling  stockholder of A.L. Industrier, and members  of  his
immediate  family, also beneficially own 346,668  shares  of  the
Company's  Class  A Common Stock. (See "Purchase  of  Outstanding
Warrants").  As  a  result, A.L. Industrier, and  ultimately  Mr.
Sissener,  can control the Company. In addition, A.L.  Industrier
may,  under certain circumstances, convert the Company's Class  B
Notes into 2,372,896 shares of the Company's Class B Common Stock
(see "Convertible Subordinated Note Offering").


Convertible Subordinated Note Offering

      On  March  30,  1998,  the Company  sold  $125,000,000  and
$67,850,000  of  Convertible Subordinated  Notes  convertible  at
$28.59375  per  share into shares of the Company's  Class  A  and
Class  B  Common Stock, respectively (the "Class A  and  Class  B
Notes").   A.L.  Industrier purchased all of the Class  B  Notes.
The  Class  A  Notes  were  sold  to  unaffiliated  parties  and,
substantially all of the Class A Notes have been registered  with
the Securities and Exchange Commission and listed on the New York
Stock  Exchange.  The Class B Notes are automatically convertible
into  Class B Common Stock on or after March 30, 2001 if at least
75%  of the Class A Notes have been converted into Class A Common
Stock.

Purchase of Outstanding Warrants

In  connection  with  the  Combination Transaction,  the  Company
issued  warrants which allowed the holders to purchase  3,819,600
shares of the Company's Class A Common Stock at an exercise price
of  $20.69  with  an  expiration date of  January  3,  1999  (the
"Warrants").   On  October  21,  1998,  the  Company  offered  to
exchange  the  Warrants for newly issued shares of the  Company's
Class  A  Common  Stock  based upon  an  exchange  formula  which
approximated  $1.00 plus the "spread" between the $20.69  warrant
exercise  price and the market price of the Company's  stock  for
the  ten  days immediately after the Company filed its Form  10-Q
for  the  quarter  ended  September 30, 1998.   Based  upon  this
formula, 3,345,921 warrants to purchase  shares were tendered  to
the  Company for which 1,230,448 shares of the Company's Class  A
Common  Stock were issued.  Of this amount, 346,668  shares  were
issued to Mr. Sissener, members of his immediate family or  other
entities  under  his  control. This  is  Mr.  Sissener's  initial
ownership  of  Class A Common Stock.  Additionally, warrants  for
237,680  shares  were  exercised prior  to  January  3,  1999  in
accordance with the original warrant terms.


Forward-Looking Statements

     This annual report contains "forward-looking statements," or
statements that are based on current expectations, estimates, and
projections  rather  than historical facts.  The  Company  offers
forward-looking  statements  in  reliance  on  the  safe   harbor
provisions  of  the Private Securities Litigation Reform  Act  of
1995.   Forward-looking statements may prove,  in  hindsight,  to
have been inaccurate because of risks and uncertainties that  are
difficult  to predict.  Many of the risks and uncertainties  that
the  Company faces are included under the caption "Risk  Factors"
in  "Item  7.  Management's Discussion and Analysis of  Financial
Condition and Results of Operations."


Financial Information About Industry Segments

      The Company operates in the human pharmaceutical and animal
health  industries.  It has five business segments  within  these
industries. The table that follows shows how much each  of  these
segments contributed to revenues and operating income in the past
three years.


($ in Millions)             REVENUES          OPERATING INCOME
                                                   (lOSS)
                      1998   1997    1996   1998    1997   1996
                                                             
U.S. Pharmaceutical                                          
Division              178.8  155.4   152.3   11.1    4.1   (19.2)
                       
                                                             
International                                                
Pharmaceuticals                                              
 Division             193.1  134.1   142.0   8.0     11.0    2.5
                             
                                                             
Fine Chemicals        53.0   38.7    36.0   17.5    9.4     8.5
Division
                                                             
Animal Health         166.3  158.4   146.0   37.8    32.0   21.0
Division               
                                                             
Aquatic Animal Health                                        
Division              19.0   15.3    12.2   3.6     2.8    (.3)



       For   additional  financial  information  concerning   the
Company's  business  segments see Note 20 of  the  Notes  to  the
Consolidated  Financial Statements included in  Item  8  of  this
Report.


NARRATIVE DESCRIPTION OF BUSINESS

Human Pharmaceuticals

   The  Company's human pharmaceuticals business is comprised  of
the  U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division, International Pharmaceuticals
Division and Fine Chemicals Division. Each of these Divisions  is
managed by a separate senior management team. The Company's human
pharmaceutical business had sales of approximately $424.9 million
in 1998, before elimination of intercompany sales, with operating
profit of approximately $36.6 million.



U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division ("USPD")

   The U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division develops, manufactures,  and
markets   specialty  generic  prescription  and  over-the-counter
("OTC")  pharmaceuticals for human use.  With  approximately  170
products,  the Division is a market leader in generic liquid  and
topical pharmaceuticals with what the Company believes to be
the  broadest portfolio of manufactured products in  the  generic
industry. In addition, the Company believes it is the only  major
U.S.  generic  prescription drug manufacturer with a  substantial
presence  in  generic OTC pharmaceuticals. With approximately  60
OTC products, the Company is increasing its presence as a
significant  supplier  to major retailers. The  Company  believes
that  its  broad  product lines gives the Company  a  competitive
advantage  by  providing large customers the  ability  to  buy  a
significant line of products from a single source.

   Generic  pharmaceuticals  are  the  chemical  and  therapeutic
equivalents   of   brand-name  drugs.  Although  typically   less
expensive,  they  are  required to  meet  the  same  governmental
standards as brand-name drugs and most must receive approval from
the FDA prior to manufacture and sale. A manufacturer cannot
produce  or  market a generic pharmaceutical until  all  relevant
patents   (and   any   additional   government-mandated    market
exclusivity  periods)  covering the original  brand-name  product
have expired.

   Sales  of  generic pharmaceuticals have continued to increase.
The  Company has identified four reasons for this trend: (i) laws
permitting  and/or  requiring pharmacists to substitute  generics
for  brand-name drugs; (ii) pressure from managed care and  third
party payors to encourage health care providers and consumers  to
contain costs; (iii) increased acceptance of generic drugs by
physicians,  pharmacists, and consumers; and (iv) an increase  in
the number of formerly patented drugs which have become available
to off-patent competition.


          Product   Lines.   The  Company's  U.S.  Pharmaceutical
     Division    (excluding    its    telemarketing    operation)
     manufactures  and/or  markets  approximately   170   generic
     products,   primarily   in  liquid,  cream   and   ointment,
     respiratory  and  suppository  dosage  forms.  Each  product
     represents  a different chemical entity. These products  are
     sold in over 300 product presentations under the "Alpharma",
     "Barre" or "NMC" labels and private labels.


          Liquid   Pharmaceuticals.  The   U.S.   Pharmaceuticals
     Division  is  the  leading  U.S.  manufacturer  of   generic
     pharmaceutical  products in liquid form  with  approximately
     110  products. The experience and technical know-how of  the
     Division  enables  it  to  formulate therapeutic  equivalent
     drugs  in liquid forms and to refine product characteristics
     such as taste, texture, appearance and fragrance.

           Cough  and  cold  remedies  constitute  a  significant
     portion  of the Division's liquid pharmaceuticals  business.
     This  business  is seasonal in nature, and sales  volume  is
     higher  in the fall and winter months and is affected,  from
     year  to  year,  by  the  incidence  of  colds,  respiratory
     diseases, and influenza.

            Creams,   Lotions   and   Ointments.   The   Division
     manufactures  approximately 50 cream,  lotion  and  ointment
     products for topical use. Most of these creams, lotions  and
     ointments are sold only by prescription.

           Suppositories,  Aerosols and Other  Specialty  Generic
     Products.  The  Division also manufactures five  suppository
     products   and  markets  certain  other  specialty   generic
     products, including two aerosols and two nebulizer products.


     In 1998, the Company continued the strategy of entering into
third   party   alliances  to  market   certain   of   its   U.S.
pharmaceutical products under licenses to third parties or  under
third  party  brands.   In addition, in  February  of  1999,  the
Company reached an agreement with Ascent Pediatrics, Inc. to lend
that entity a maximum of $40 million; $12 million of which can be
used  for working capital purposes with the remainder to be  used
to  execute  projects reasonably designed for  intermediate  term
growth.  The Company also received an option to purchase  all  of
the  capital stock of Ascent in 2002 for approximately 12.2 times
Ascent's  2001 operating earnings. Except for $4 million  of  the
aforesaid  loan  presently advanced, the  Ascent  transaction  is
subject  to  the approval of a majority of Ascent's stockholders.
Ascent  would add a branded pediatric product line  to  the  U.S.
Pharmaceuticals Division along with a strong direct  sales  force
dedicated to the pediatric market.

     Facilities. The Company maintains two manufacturing
facilities for its U.S. pharmaceutical operations, a research and
development center, three telemarketing facilities and an
automated central distribution center. The Division's largest
manufacturing facility is located in Baltimore, Maryland and is
designed to manufacture high volumes of liquid pharmaceuticals.
The Company's facility in Lincolnton, North Carolina manufactures
creams, ointments and suppositories. Pursuant to the Company's
plan to reduce manufacturing costs and improve efficiencies, the
Company closed two facilities in New York and New Jersey and
transferred the operations conducted at those facilities to its
facility in Lincolnton. The Company's Lincolnton facility's
production was increased and its operations have become more
efficient as a result of production consolidation plans announced
in May 1996.

     Competition. Although the Company is a market leader in the
U.S. in the manufacture and marketing of specialty generic
pharmaceuticals, it operates in a highly competitive market. The
Company competes with other companies that specialize in generic
products and with the generic drug divisions of major
international branded drug companies and encounters market entry
resistance from branded drug manufacturers.

     Sales  and Distribution. The Company maintains a sales force
of  approximately  ten sales professionals  to  market  the  U.S.
Pharmaceutical  Division's products. The Company supplements  its
sales  effort  through  its  use of  selected  independent  sales
representatives.    In   addition,   the    Company's    advanced
telemarketing  operation, which employs  approximately  75  sales
personnel, markets and distributes products manufactured by third
parties  and, to a limited extent, the Division. The Company  has
recently  increased the use of its telemarketing  operations  for
the  sale of its own products by adding a third facility for this
expanded  activity.  This business also provides  certain  custom
marketing  services, such as order processing, and  distribution,
to the pharmaceutical and certain other industries.

     Customers.  The  Company  has  historically  sold  its  U.S.
pharmaceutical    products    to   pharmaceutical    wholesalers,
distributors,  mass merchandising and retail chains,  and,  to  a
lesser extent, grocery stores, hospitals and managed care
providers.  In  response  to the general trend  of  consolidation
among  pharmaceutical customers and greater  amount  of  products
sold  through  wholesalers, the Company is placing  an  increased
emphasis  on  marketing  its products directly  to  managed  care
organizations,  purchasing groups, mass merchandisers  and  chain
drug stores to gain market share and enhance margins.


International Pharmaceuticals Division ("IPD")

   The Company's International Pharmaceuticals Division develops,
manufactures,  and  markets a broad range of pharmaceuticals  for
human  use.  The  Company believes that it has a  leading  market
position  for  branded  generic  pharmaceuticals  in  the  Nordic
countries, the United Kingdom, and the Netherlands with a  strong
presence in Indonesia.

   Product  Lines.  The  International  Pharmaceuticals  Division
manufactures  approximately  290  products  which  are  sold   in
approximately   670  product  presentations  including   tablets,
ointments,  creams, liquids, suppositories and injectable  dosage
forms.
     
  Prescription  Pharmaceuticals. The Division has a  broad  range
of   products   with   a  concentration  on   prescription   drug
antibiotics,       analgesics/antirheumatics,      psychotropics,
cardiovascular and oral healthcare products. The predominant
number of these products are sold on a generic basis.

     
  OTC  Products.  The  Division also has a  broad  range  of  OTC
products, such as those for skin care, gastrointestinal care  and
pain  relief,  and including such products as vitamins,  fluoride
tablets, adhesive bandages and surgical tapes. Substantially  all
of these products are sold on a branded basis.

  On  May  7,  1998,  the Company acquired a substantial  generic
pharmaceutical  presence  in  the  United  Kingdom  through   the
purchase  of  all of the capital stock of Arthur H. Cox  and  Co.
Ltd. ("Cox") from Hoechst AG for a total purchase price including
direct  costs  of  acquisition of approximately $198  million  in
cash.   Cox's  main  operations (which  consist  primarily  of  a
manufacturing   plant,  warehousing  facilities   and   a   sales
organization)  are  located in Barnstaple,  England.   Cox  is  a
generic  pharmaceutical  manufacturer and  marketer  of  tablets,
capsules,  suppositories,  liquids, ointments  and  creams.   Cox
distributes its products to pharmacy retailers and pharmaceutical
wholesalers primarily in the United Kingdom and the Netherlands.

  In  addition,  in November, 1998, the Company  acquired,  in  a
substantially   smaller  transaction,  a  generic  pharmaceutical
product  line in Germany. All of the products purchased  in  this
transaction are manufactured under contract by third parties.

  The  Company intends to continue the operations of Cox and  the
acquired  German  generic product line to achieve  benefits  from
leveraging   these  new  activities  with  the   other   European
businesses  of  the  International  Pharmaceutical  Division.  In
addition,  the Company plans to expand the scope of the  acquired
operations  by adding to the acquired product base certain  other
pharmaceutical products of the Company. The Company is continuing
to review market expansion opportunities in Europe.

  Facilities. The Company maintains five manufacturing facilities
for  its international pharmaceutical products, all of which also
house  administrative offices and warehouse space. The  Company's
plants  in  Lier,  Norway and Barnstaple, England,  include  many
technologically  advanced applications for the  manufacturing  of
tablet,  liquid  and  ointment products. The Company's  plant  in
Copenhagen,  Denmark,  which it shares  with  the  Fine  Chemical
Division,  manufactures  sterile products.  In  addition  to  the
Barnstaple,  Copenhagen  and Lier facilities,  the  Company  also
operates  plants in Vennesla, Norway, for bandages  and  surgical
tape products, and Jakarta, Indonesia, for tablets, ointments and
liquids.  The Jakarta plant has received regulatory  approval  to
export certain products to Europe.

  In 1998, the Company substantially completed the implementation
of  a production rationalization plan which commenced in 1996 and
included  the  transfer  of  all  tablet,  ointment  and   liquid
production  from Copenhagen to Lier and the transfer  of  sterile
production from Norway to the Copenhagen facility. In addition to
increasing  available capacity, the Company expects to  recognize
manufacturing efficiencies from this reorganization.

     Competition. The Division operates in geographic areas  that
are highly competitive. Many of the Company's competitors in this
area   are  substantially  larger  and  have  greater  financial,
technical, and marketing resources than the Company. Most of  the
Company's international pharmaceutical products compete with  one
or  more  other products that contain the same active ingredient.
In  the Nordic countries and certain other European countries  in
recent   years,  sales  of  generic  pharmaceuticals  have   been
increasing relative to sales of patent protected pharmaceuticals.
Generics  are  gaining market share because, among other  things,
governments  are attempting to reduce pharmaceutical expenses  by
enacting regulations that promote generic pharmaceuticals in lieu
of  original formulations. This increased focus on pharmaceutical
prices  may lead to increased competition and price pressure  for
suppliers  of  all  types of pharmaceuticals,  including  branded
generics(see  "Risk Factors-Government Regulations Affecting  the
Company").  The  Company's international pharmaceutical  products
have  also  been  encountering  price  pressures  from  "parallel
imports"  (i.e.,imports of identical products from  lower  priced
markets  under  EU  laws of free movement of goods).  (See  "Risk
Factors-Generic Pharmaceutical Industry").

     Geographic Markets. The principal geographic markets for the
Division's  pharmaceutical  products  are  the  United   Kingdom,
Netherlands,  the  Nordic and other Western  European  countries,
Indonesia, and the Middle East.

      Sales  and  Distribution and Customers.  Depending  on  the
characteristics of each geographic market, generic  products  are
predominantly marketed under either brand or generic  names.  OTC
products   are   typically  marketed  under  brand   names   with
concentration on skin care, tooth cavity prevention, pain  relief
and  vitamins. The Division employs a specialized sales force  of
approximately  310  persons, 150 of whom are in  Indonesia,  that
markets  and  promotes products to doctors, dentists,  hospitals,
pharmacies  and consumers. In each of its international  markets,
the  Company  uses  wholesalers to distribute its  pharmaceutical
products.


Fine Chemicals Division ("FCD")

     The Company's Fine Chemicals Division develops, manufactures
and  markets bulk antibiotics to the pharmaceutical industry  for
use  in finished dose products sold in more than 50 countries and
benefits from over four decades of experience in the use  of  and
development  of  fermentation  and purification  technology.  The
Division develops, manufactures and sells active ingredients in
bulk  quantities  for use in human and veterinary pharmaceuticals
produced  by third parties and, to a limited extent, the Company.
In   addition,  the  Company's  fermentation  expertise  in   the
production   of  bulk  antibiotics  has  a  direct  technological
application  to  the  manufacture of products  of  the  Company's
animal health business.

       Product   Lines.  The  Company's  fine  chemical  products
constitute  the active substances in certain pharmaceuticals  for
the  treatment of certain skin, throat, intestinal  and  systemic
infections.  The  Company  is  the world's  leading  producer  of
bacitracin,  bacitracin  zinc and polymixin,  and  is  a  leading
producer of vancomycin; all of which are important pharmaceutical
grade   antibiotics.   The   Company  also   manufactures   other
antibiotics  such  as  amphotericin  B  and  colistin   for   use
systemically  and  in  specialized  topical  and  surgical  human
applications.   The  Company  has  substantially   expanded   its
production  capacity  and sales of vancomycin  through  the  1997
approval to sell vancomycin in the U.S., expanded capacity at its
Copenhagen  facility,  and the December  1998  acquisition  of  a
facility in Budapest, Hungary.

      Facilities.  The  Company manufactures  its  fine  chemical
products  in  its plants in Oslo, Norway (which also manufactures
products  for  the  Animal Health Division), Copenhagen,  Denmark
(which   it   shares   with  the  International   Pharmaceuticals
Division)and Budapest, Hungary. Each plant includes fermentation,
specialized  recovery  and purification equipment.  The  Budapest
facility   is   presently  undergoing  a  material   upgrade   in
manufacturing  processes and capacity. All these facilities  have
been  approved  as  a manufacturer of certain  sterile  and  non-
sterile bulk antibiotics by the FDA and by the health authorities
of  certain  European  countries.  (See  "Environmental"  for   a
discussion  of an administrative action related to  the  Budapest
facility)

  Competition. The bulk antibiotic industry is highly competitive
and   many  of  the  Company's  competitors  in  this  area   are
substantially  larger and have greater financial, technical,  and
marketing  resources  than  the  Company.  Sales  are   made   to
relatively  few  large customers with prices and quality  as  the
determining  sales factors. The Company believes its fermentation
and purification expertise and established reputation provide  it
with a competitive advantage in these antibiotic products.

   Geographic Markets and Sales and Distribution. U.S.  sales  of
fine chemical products represent approximately 50% of the revenue
from  these products with significant additional sales in Europe,
Asia  and  Latin America. The Company distributes and  sells  its
fine  chemical products in the U.S. using its sales force of  two
professionals. Sales outside the U.S. are primarily  through  the
use of local agents and distributors.


Animal Health

   The  animal health business is comprised of the Animal  Health
Division  and the Aquatic Animal Health Division. Each  of  these
divisions  is  managed by a separate senior management  team.  In
1998,   the   Company  had  animal  health   product   sales   of
approximately $185.3 million, before elimination of  intercompany
sales, with operating profit of approximately $41.4 million.

Animal Health Division ("AHD")

   The  Company develops, manufactures and markets feed  additive
and animal health products for animals raised for commercial food
production worldwide. The Company believes that its animal health
business is a leading manufacturer and marketer of feed additives
to the worldwide poultry and swine industries.

   Product  Lines. The Company's principal animal health products
are:  (i) BMDT, a bacitracin based feed additive used to  promote
growth  and  feed  efficiency and prevent or  treat  diseases  in
poultry  and  swine;  (ii)  Albac(TM), a  bacitracin  based  feed
additive  to  promote  growth and prevent or  treat  diseases  in
poultry,  swine  and  calves;  (iii)  3-Nitro(R),  Histostat(TM),
Zoamix(R),  anticoccidials,  and chloromax  ("CTC"),  feed  grade
antibiotics,  all  of which are commonly used in  combination  or
sequentially  with  BMD;  (iv)  Deccox  cattle  and   calf   feed
additives;  and (v) Vitamin D3, a feed additive used for  poultry
and  swine. Based upon its fermentation experience and  a  strong
marketing  presence,  the Company is the  market  leader  in  the
manufacture and sale of bacitracin-based feed additives which are
marketed under the brand names Albac and BMD. (See "Risk  Factors
Governmental  Actions Affecting the Company" for a discussion  of
certain  legislative  action affecting the sales  of  Albac.)  In
addition,  the Company believes that it has a significant  market
share  with several other of its feed additives, including  those
sold under the Company's 3-Nitro brands.

  In 1997, the Company acquired the Deccox brand name and certain
related  assets  from Rhone-Poulenc's Animal Nutrition  Division.
Under the agreement pursuant to which Deccox was acquired, Rhone-
Poulenc will continue to manufacture this product for sale by the
Company  for a period of 15 years. Deccox is used to prevent  and
control  coccidiosis (a parasite that adversely affects growth)in
cattle.  The  acquisition of the Deccox brand  has  provided  the
Company  with its initial entry into the cattle and calf  market.
In  addition to Deccox sales, this has offered the opportunity to
market   to   the  cattle  industry  several  of  the   Company's
established  products which have historically been sold  only  in
the swine and poultry markets.

   The  Company  believes  that the number  of  products  it  has
approved  to  be  used in combination with other  products  is  a
significant competitive advantage. FDA regulations require animal
health products to be approved for use in combination with  other
products in animal feeds. Therefore, it is generally difficult to
gain market acceptance for new products unless such products  are
approved  for use with other existing products. The approval  for
use of a new product in combination with other products generally
requires  the  cooperation  of the  manufacturer  of  such  other
products. When seeking such cooperation from other manufacturers,
the  Company  believes  it  is a competitive  advantage  to  have
products   with  which  other  manufacturers  desire  to   obtain
combination approval. To date, the Company has been successful in
its ability to obtain the cooperation of third parties in seeking
combination approval for its products. There can be no assurance,
however,   that  the  Company  will  continue  to   obtain   such
cooperation from others. Presently, the Company has  a  total  of
271 combination approvals in the U.S.

   The  Company  believes that features of BMD have enhanced  the
Company's  competitive  position in the animal  health  business.
Generally, FDA regulations do not permit animals to be  sold  for
food production unless their feed has been free of additives that
are  absorbed into animal tissue for at least a 14-day period  of
time  required  by  FDA  rules. BMD is not absorbed  into  animal
tissue,  and therefore need not be withdrawn from feed  prior  to
the  marketing of the food animals. This attribute of BMD  allows
producers  to  avoid the burden of removing these additives  from
feed in order to meet the FDA requirement.

   Facilities. The Company produces its animal health products in
state-of-the-art  manufacturing  facilities.  The  Animal  Health
Division  produces BMD at its Chicago Heights, Illinois facility,
which contains a modern fermentation and recovery plant. Albac is
manufactured at the Oslo facility shared with the Fine  Chemicals
Division.  CTC  is purchased from foreign suppliers  and  blended
domestically at the Company's facility in Lowell, Arkansas and at
independent  blending  facilities. The 3-Nitro  product  line  is
manufactured  in accordance with a ten year agreement  using  the
Company's  technology  at  an unrelated company's  facility.  The
contract   requires  the  Company  to  purchase  minimum   yearly
quantities on a cost plus basis. Blending of 3-Nitro is  done  at
the Company's Lowell plant. (See "Environmental" for a discussion
of an administrative action related to the Oslo facility").

   Competition. The animal health industry is highly  competitive
and  includes a large number of companies with greater financial,
technical,  and  marketing  resources  than  the  Company.  These
companies offer a wide range of products with various therapeutic
and  production enhancing qualities. Due to the Company's  strong
market  position in antibiotic feed additives and its  experience
in  obtaining requisite FDA approvals for combination  therapies,
the  Company  believes  it  enjoys  a  competitive  advantage  in
commercializing FDA-approved combination animal feed additives.

  Geographic Markets. The Company presently sells a major portion
of  its  animal health products in the U.S. and Europe. With  the
opening  of sales offices in Canada, Latin America, and  the  Far
East,  the  Animal Health Division has expanded its international
sales  capability  consistent  with  its  strategy  for  internal
growth.

  Sales and Distribution. The Company's animal health products in
the  U.S.,  Canada  and  Mexico  are  sold  through  a  staff  of
technically  trained  sales and technical service  employees  and
distributors located throughout the U.S. In January of 1999,  the
Company combined its wholly-owned U.S. distribution company  with
two  similar third party distribution businesses to form a  joint
venture  50%  owned  by  the  Company.  It  is  anticipated  that
approximately 50% of the Company's U.S. animal health sales  will
be  made  through this joint venture. Sales of the Animal  Health
Division's  products  outside North America  are  made  primarily
through  the use of distributors and sales companies. The Company
has  sales offices in Norway, Canada, Mexico, Singapore  and  the
People's  Republic of China and in 1997 added  sales  offices  in
Brazil  and France and, in 1998, added a sales office in Belgium.
The  Company  anticipates establishing additional  foreign  sales
offices.

  Customers. Sales are made principally to commercial animal feed
manufacturers   and  integrated  swine  and  poultry   producers.
Although  the Division is not dependent on any one customer,  the
customer  base  for animal health products is in a  consolidation
phase.  Therefore, as consolidation continues,  the  Company  may
become  more  dependent on certain individual customers  as  such
customers increase their size and market share.


Aquatic Animal Health Division ("AAHD")

   The  Company  believes  it  is a leader  in  the  development,
manufacture  and  marketing of vaccines  for  use  in  immunizing
farmed  fish against disease. The Company believes it  has  been,
and  expects to continue as, a leading innovator with respect  to
the   research  and  development  of  vaccines  to  combat  newly
developing forms of aquatic disease.

   The  Company's  vaccines for fish are used by  fish  farms  to
control   disease   in  densely  populated,   artificial   growth
environments. The Company believes that the market  for  vaccines
will continue to grow along with the growth of fish farms as  the
worldwide demand for fish continues to increase beyond  what  can
be supplied from the natural fish habitat.

   Product  Lines.  The  Aquatic Animal Health  Division  is  the
leading  supplier of injectable vaccines for farm raised  salmon.
In  addition  the  Division is a pioneer in  the  development  of
vaccines for trout, sea bass, sea bream, catfish, yellowtail  and
other commercially important farm species.

   Facilities. The Company manufactures its fish vaccine products
in Bellevue, Washington and at its Overhalla, Norway facility.  A
contract  manufacturer in Germany provides certain raw  materials
for vaccine production.

   Competition.  The Company has few competitors in  the  aquatic
animal health industry. However, the industry is subject to rapid
technological  change. Competitors could develop  new  techniques
and  products  that  would  render the Company's  aquatic  animal
health  products obsolete if the Company was unable to match  the
improvements  quickly. In this regard, the Company  is  presently
developing  a  new  salmon vaccine to meet the market  perception
that a competing product may provide better disease protection.

  Geographic Markets. The Company sells its aquatic animal health
products in Norway, the United Kingdom, Canada and the U.S.

   Sales  and Distribution. The Company sells its aquatic  animal
health products through its own technically oriented sales  staff
of  twelve  people in Norway and the U.S. In other  markets,  the
Company  operates  through distributors. The  Company  sells  its
products  to  fish farms, usually under a contract which  extends
for  at  least  one  growing  season. There  are  relatively  few
customers for the Division's products.


Information Applicable to all Business Segments

Research, Product Development and Technical Activities

     Scientific development is important to each of the Company's
business  segments.  The Company's research, product  development
and  technical  activities in the Human  Pharmaceuticals  segment
within   the  U.S.,  Norway  and  Denmark  concentrate   on   the
development of generic equivalents of established branded
products  as well as discovering creative uses of existing  drugs
for  new  treatments. The Company's research, product development
and  technical  activities also focus on  developing  proprietary
drug delivery systems and on improving existing delivery systems,
fermentation   technology   and   packaging   and   manufacturing
techniques. In view of the substantial funds which are generally
required to develop new chemical drug entities, the Company  does
not anticipate undertaking such activities.

   The  Company's technical development activities for the Animal
Health  segment involve extensive product development and testing
for  the primary purpose of establishing clinical support for new
products  and  additional  uses for  or  variations  of  existing
products  and  seeking  related FDA  and  analogous  governmental
approvals.

    Generally,  research  and  development  are  conducted  on  a
divisional  basis.  The  Company conducts its  technical  product
development activities at its facilities in Copenhagen,  Denmark;
Oslo,  Norway;  Baltimore,  Maryland; Bellevue,  Washington;  and
Chicago Heights, Illinois, as well as through independent
research facilities in the U.S. and Norway.

   Research  and  development expenses were  approximately  $36.0
million,  $32.1  million, and $34.3 million in  1998,  1997,  and
1996,  respectively. In 1998, the Company received  approximately
100 governmental product, market and manufacturing approvals.



Government Regulation

  General. The research, development, manufacturing and marketing
of  the  Company's  products are subject to extensive  government
regulation by either the FDA or the USDA, as well as by the  DEA,
FTC,  CPSC,  and  by comparable authorities in  the  EU,  Norway,
Indonesia and other countries. Although Norway is not a member of
the EU, it is a member of the European Economic Association
and,  as  such, has accepted all EU regulations with  respect  to
pharmaceuticals   except  in  the  area  of   feed   antibiotics.
Government  regulation  includes  detailed  inspection   of   and
controls over testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling,
storage,  recordkeeping, approval, advertising,  promotion,  sale
and  distribution of pharmaceutical products. Noncompliance  with
applicable  requirements can result in civil or  criminal  fines,
recall  or  seizure of products, total or partial  suspension  of
production and/or distribution, debarment of individuals  or  the
Company from obtaining new generic drug approvals, refusal of the
government to approve new products and criminal prosecution. Such
government  regulation  substantially  increases  the   cost   of
producing human pharmaceutical and animal health products.

  The evolving and complex nature of regulatory requirements, the
broad  authority and discretion of the FDA and analogous  foreign
agencies,  and  the generally high level of regulatory  oversight
results  in a continuing possibility that from time to  time  the
Company  will be adversely affected by regulatory actions despite
its  ongoing efforts and commitment to achieve and maintain  full
compliance with all regulatory requirements. As a result of
actions taken by the Company to respond to the progressively more
demanding  regulatory  environment  in  which  it  operates,  the
Company has spent, and will continue to spend, significant  funds
and management time on regulatory compliance.

   Product  Marketing Authority. In the U.S., the FDA  regulatory
procedure  applicable  to  the Company's  generic  pharmaceutical
products depends on whether the branded drug is: (i) the  subject
of  an  approved  New  Drug Application ("NDA")  which  has  been
reviewed  for both safety and effectiveness; (ii) marketed  under
an  NDA approved for safety only; (iii)marketed without an NDA or
(iv)  marketed  pursuant  to over-the-counter  ("OTC")  monograph
regulations. If the drug to be offered as a generic version of  a
branded product is the subject of an NDA approved for both safety
and effectiveness, the generic product must be the subject of  an
Abbreviated New Drug Application ("ANDA") and be approved by  FDA
prior to marketing. Drug products which are generic copies of the
other  types  of branded products may be marketed  in  accordance
with  either  an  FDA enforcement policy or the  over-the-counter
drug  review monograph process and currently are not  subject  to
ANDA filings and approval prior to market introduction. While the
Company  believes that all of its current pharmaceutical products
are  legally  marketed under the applicable  FDA  procedure,  the
Company's  marketing authority is subject to  revocation  by  the
agency. All applications for regulatory approval of generic  drug
products  subject to ANDA requirements must contain data relating
to   product  formulation,  raw  material  suppliers,  stability,
manufacturing,  packaging, labeling and  quality  control.  Those
subject   to   a   Waxman-Hatch  Act  ANDA  also   must   contain
bioequivalency  data. Each product approval limits  manufacturing
to  a  specifically  identified site.  Supplemental  filings  for
approval  to  transfer  products from one manufacturing  site  to
another also require review and approval.

   Certain  of the Company's animal health products are regulated
by  the  FDA,  as  described  above, while  other  animal  health
products are regulated by the USDA. An EU Directive requires that
medical products must have a marketing authorization before  they
are placed on the market in the EU. The criteria upon which grant
of an authorization is assessed are quality, safety and efficacy.
Demonstration  of  safety  and efficacy  in  particular  requires
clinical trials on human subjects and the conduct of such  trials
is  subject to the standards codified in the EU guideline on Good
Clinical Practice. In addition, the EU requires that such  trials
be  preceded by adequate pharmacological and toxicological  tests
in  animals  and  that clinical trials should  use  controls,  be
carried  out double blind and capable of statistical analysis  by
using specific criteria wherever possible, rather than relying on
a  large  sample  size. The working party  on  the  Committee  of
Proprietary   Medicinal   Products   has   also   made    various
recommendations in this area. Analogous governmental  and  agency
approvals  are  similarly required in other countries  where  the
Company  conducts  business. There can be no assurance  that  new
product  approvals will be obtained in a timely manner, if  ever.
Failure  to  obtain  such  approvals,  or  to  obtain  them  when
expected,  could have a material adverse effect on the  Company's
business, results of operations and financial condition.

   Facility Approvals. The Company's manufacturing operations (in
the  U.S.  as well as three of the Company's European  facilities
that manufacture products for export to the U.S.) are required to
comply  with  Current  Good Manufacturing Practices  ("CGMP")  as
interpreted  by the FDA and EU regulations. CGMP encompasses  all
aspects  of  the  production process,  including  validation  and
record  keeping,  and  involves changing and evolving  standards.
Consequently,   continuing  compliance  with  CGMP   can   be   a
particularly   difficult  and  expensive   part   of   regulatory
compliance, especially since the FDA and certain other  analogous
governmental  agencies  have  increased  the  number  of  regular
inspections   to   determine  compliance.   There   are   similar
regulations   in   other   countries  where   the   Company   has
manufacturing operations. The EU requires that before a medicinal
product can be manufactured and assembled, each person or company
who  carries  out  such an operation must hold  a  manufacturer's
license, a product license must be held by the person responsible
for  the  composition  of the product, and  the  manufacture  and
assembly must be in accordance with the product license. There is
also  a Directive relating to Good Manufacturing Practice ("GMP")
which  makes  compliance with the principles  of  GMP  compulsory
throughout the EU.


  Potential Liability for Current Products. Continuing studies of
the  proper  utilization, safety, and efficacy of pharmaceuticals
and  other  health  care  products are  being  conducted  by  the
industry,  government agencies and others.  Such  studies,  which
increasingly employ sophisticated methods and techniques,
can  call  into question the utilization, safety and efficacy  of
previously marketed products and in some cases have resulted, and
may  in  the  future  result,  in  the  discontinuance  of  their
marketing  and,  in certain countries, give rise  to  claims  for
damages  from  persons who believe they have been  injured  as  a
result of their use.

   Extended  Protection  for  Branded Products.  The  Drug  Price
Competition  and  Patent Term Restoration Act of  1984  ("Waxman-
Hatch  Act")  amended both the Patent Code and the Federal  Food,
Drug,  and  Cosmetic  Act (the "FDC Act"). The  Waxman-Hatch  Act
codified and expanded application procedures for obtaining FDA
approval  for  generic forms of brand-name pharmaceuticals  which
are  off-patent and/or whose market exclusivity has expired.  The
Waxman-Hatch  Act  also  provides  patent  extension  and  market
exclusivity  provisions  for innovator drug  manufacturers  which
preclude the submission or delay the approval of a competing ANDA
under  certain conditions. One such provision allows a five  year
market   exclusivity  period  for  NDAs  involving  new  chemical
compounds  and  a three year market exclusivity period  for  NDAs
containing new clinical investigations essential to the  approval
of  such  application.  The market exclusivity  provisions  apply
equally  to  patented  and non-patented  drug  products.  Another
provision authorizes the extension of patent terms for up to five
years as compensation for reduction of the effective life of  the
patent  as a result of time spent in testing for, and FDA  review
of, an application for a drug approval. Patent terms may also  be
extended  pursuant to the terms of the Uruguay  Round  Agreements
Act  ("URAA")or  by  future legislation.  In  addition,  the  FDA
Modernization Act of 1997 allows brand name manufacturers to seek
six  months  of  additional exclusivity when they have  conducted
pediatric  studies  on the drug. Therefore,  the  Company  cannot
predict  the  extent  to  which the  Waxman-Hatch  Act,  the  FDA
Modernization  Act of 1997, the URAA or future legislation  could
postpone launch of some of its new products.

    In   Europe,  certain  Directives  confer  a  similar  market
exclusivity in respect of proprietary medicines, irrespective  of
any  patent protection. Before a generic manufacturer can present
an  abridged application for a marketing authorization,  it  must
generally  wait until the original proprietary drug has  been  on
the market for a certain period (unless he has the consent of the
person  who  submitted  the original  test  data  for  the  first
marketing  authorization, or can compile an adequate  dossier  of
his own). In the case of high-technology products, this period is
ten  years  and six years in respect of other medicinal products,
subject  to  the  option  for  member  states  to  elect  for  an
exclusivity period of ten years in respect of all products, or to
dispense  with  the  six-year  period  where  that  would   offer
protection beyond patent expiry.

   In addition to the exclusivity period, it is also possible  in
the  EU to effectively extend the period of patent protection for
a  product  which has a marketing authorization  by  means  of  a
Supplementary Protection Certificate ("SPC"). An SPC  comes  into
force on the expiry of the relevant patent and lasts for a period
calculated with reference to the delay between the lodging of the
patent and the granting of the first marketing authorization  for
the drug. This period of protection, subject to a maximum of five
years,   further  delays  the  marketing  of  generic   medicinal
products.

   The Generic Drug Enforcement Act. The Generic Drug Enforcement
Act of 1992, which amended the FDC Act, gives the FDA six ways to
penalize anyone that engages in wrongdoing in connection with the
development  or  submission  of  an  ANDA.  The  FDA   can:   (i)
permanently  or  temporarily  prohibit  alleged  wrongdoers  from
submitting  or  assisting  in the submission  of  an  ANDA;  (ii)
temporarily deny approval of, or suspend applications to  market,
particular generic drugs; (iii) suspend the distribution  of  all
drugs  approved  or developed pursuant to an invalid  ANDA;  (iv)
withdraw  approval  of an ANDA; (v) seek civil penalties  against
the  alleged wrongdoer; and (vi) significantly delay the approval
of  any  pending ANDA from the same party. The Company has  never
been  the  subject  of an enforcement action under  this  or  any
similar  statute but there can be no assurance that  restrictions
or fines will not be imposed upon the Company in the future.

   Controlled Substances Act. The Company also manufacturers  and
sells  drug products which are "controlled substances" as defined
in  the  Controlled  Substances Act,  which  establishes  certain
security and record keeping requirements administered by the DEA,
a  division of the Department of Justice. The Company is licensed
by  the  DEA  to  manufacture and distribute  certain  controlled
substances.  The  DEA  has  a  dual mission-law  enforcement  and
regulation.  The  former deals with the illicit  aspects  of  the
control  of  abusable  substances  and  the  equipment  and   raw
materials  used  in  making  them.  The  DEA  shares  enforcement
authority  with  the  Federal Bureau  of  Investigation,  another
division  of  the  Department of Justice.  The  DEA's  regulatory
responsibilities  are  concerned with  the  control  of  licensed
handlers  of  controlled  substances,  and  with  the  substances
themselves, equipment and raw materials used in their manufacture
and  packaging,  in  order to prevent such  articles  from  being
diverted  into illicit channels of commerce. The Company  is  not
under  any  restrictions for non-compliance  with  the  foregoing
regulations,  but there can be no assurance that restrictions  or
fines will not be imposed upon the Company in the future.

    Health   Care  Reimbursement.  The  methods  and   level   of
reimbursement   for  pharmaceutical  products   under   Medicare,
Medicaid,  and  other  domestic reimbursement  programs  are  the
subject  of constant review by state and federal governments  and
private third party payors like insurance companies. Management
believes  that U.S. government agencies will continue  to  review
and  assess alternative payment methodologies and reform measures
designed  to reduce the cost of drugs to the public. Because  the
outcome  of  these  and other health care reform  initiatives  is
uncertain, the Company cannot predict what impact, if  any,  they
will have on the Company.

   Medicaid legislation requires all pharmaceutical manufacturers
to  rebate to individual states a percentage of the revenues that
the  manufacturers derive from Medicaid reimbursed pharmaceutical
sales  in those states. The required rebate for manufacturers  of
generic products is currently 11%.

  In many countries other than the U.S. in which the Company does
business,  the initial prices of pharmaceutical preparations  for
human  use  are dependent upon governmental approval or clearance
under   governmental  reimbursement  schemes.  These   government
programs generally establish prices by reference to either
manufacturing  costs  or  the  prices  of  comparable   products.
Subsequent price increases may also be regulated. In past  years,
as  part of overall programs to reduce health care costs, certain
European  governments have prohibited price  increases  and  have
introduced various systems designed to lower prices. As a
result,  affected manufacturers, including the Company, have  not
always  been  able  to recover cost increases or  compensate  for
exchange rate fluctuations.

   In  order  to  control  expenditures on pharmaceuticals,  most
member states in the EU regulate the pricing of such products and
in  some  cases  limit the range of different  forms  of  a  drug
available  for  prescription by national health  services.  These
controls can result in considerable price differences between
member states. There is also a Common External Tariff payable  on
import  of medicinal products into the EU, though exemptions  are
available  in respect of certain products which allows duty  free
importation. Where there is no tariff suspension in operation  in
respect  of  a medicinal product, an application can be  made  to
import the product duty free but this is subject to review at
European level to establish whether a member state would be  able
to  produce  the  product in question instead. In addition,  some
products are subject to a governmental quota which restricts  the
amount which can be imported duty free.


Financial  Information About Foreign and Domestic Operations  and
Export Sales

      The  Company derives a substantial portion of its  revenues
and  operating income from its foreign operations. Revenues  from
foreign  operations  accounted  for  approximately  44%  of   the
Company's  revenues  in  1998. For certain financial  information
concerning  foreign and domestic operations see Note  20  of  the
Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8
of  this Report.  Export sales from domestic operations were  not
significant.


Environmental Matters

   The  Company  believes that it is substantially in  compliance
with all presently applicable federal, state and local provisions
regulating  the  discharge of materials into the environment,  or
otherwise relating to the protection of the environment.

   The  State  of California has commenced an action against  the
Company  in the California Superior Court under the State's  Safe
Drinking  Water and Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986 (the  "Drinking
Water  Act")  alleging  that it failed to include  a  warning  to
California users of two of its prescription drugs to the
effect  that  said drugs are known to the State of California  to
cause  cancer or reproductive toxicity. The State further alleges
that by violating the Drinking Water Act, the Company is also  in
violation of the Unfair Competition Act (the "Competition  Act").
The Company believes that prescription drugs fall under a
"safe-harbor" regulation and the required notice is deemed to  be
given by giving the FDA mandated product warnings. On this basis,
the Company intends to defend this action vigorously. The Company
has  reason  to  believe that many other drug  manufacturers  are
relying upon the same regulation and therefore have not given any
notice  beyond  that required by the FDA in connection  with  the
sale  of  prescription drugs. While the State's action  does  not
request  a  specific monetary fine, the Company understands  that
the  maximum fine for violation of each of the Drinking Water Act
and  the  Competition  Act is $5,000 for each  day  of  violation
subject  to  a  four  year  statute of  limitation.  The  Company
believes   that  this  matter  will  not  result  in  a  material
liability.

   The Company is presently engaged in administrative proceedings
with  respect to the air emissions and noise levels at  its  Oslo
plant and soil and acquifier contamination of its Budapest plant.
The Company anticipates the need for improvements at both plants;
the cost of which has not yet been determined but is not believed
to  be  material  to the Company. Certain costs incurred  at  the
Budapest facility are subject to reimbursement obligations of the
previous owner.

  In  addition,  the  Company is a Potentially Responsible  Party
("PRP")  at  one  site  subject  to U.S.  Superfund  legislation.
Superfund provides for joint and several liability for all PRP's.
Based  upon  the  Company's minor involvement at  this  Superfund
site, and the identification of numerous PRP's who were larger
site  users,  the  Company  does not believe  that  its  ultimate
liability for this  site will be material to the Company.

   Although  many  major  capital projects  typically  include  a
component  for  environmental control,  including  the  Company's
current expansion projects, no material expenditures specifically
for environmental control are expected to be made in 1999.

Employees

     As of December 31, 1998, the Company had approximately 3,000
employees, including 1,100 in the U.S. and 1,900 outside  of  the
U.S.


Item 1A.  Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The following is a list of the names and ages of all of the
Company's corporate officers and certain officers of each of  the
Company's principal operating units, indicating all positions and
offices  with  the Registrant held by each such person  and  each
such person's principal occupations or employment during the past
five years.

     Each of the Company's corporate officers has been elected to
the  indicated office or offices of the Registrant, to  serve  as
such until the next annual election of officers of the Registrant
(expected  to  occur June 10, 1999) and until their successor  is
elected,  or  until  his  or her earlier  death,  resignation  or
removal.

Name and Position                  Principal  Business Experience
with the Company            Age    During the Past Five Years

E.W. Sissener               70     Chief Executive Officer since
Chairman,  Director   and          June 1994.  Member of the
Chief Executive Officer            Office of the Chief Executive
                                   of the Company July 1991 to
                                   May 1994.  Chairman of the
                                   Company since 1975.
                                   President, Alpharma AS since
                                   October 1994. President,
                                   Apothekernes AS (now AL
                                   Industrier AS) 1972 to 1994.
                                   Chairman of A.L. Industrier AS
                                   since November 1994.
                                   
Gert W. Munthe              42     President since May 1998 and
President,  Director  and          Director of the Company since
Chief Operating Officer            June 1994.President and Chief
                                   Executive Officer of NetCom
                                   GSM A.S., a Norwegian cellular
                                   telecommunications company,
                                   1993 to 1998. Executive Vice
                                   President and division
                                   President of Hafslund Nycomed
                                   A.S., a Norwegian energy and
                                   pharmaceutical corporation,
                                   1988 to 1993. President of
                                   Nycomed (Imaging) A.S., a
                                   wholly owned subsidiary of
                                   Hafslund Nycomed A.S., 1991 to
                                   1993. Division President in
                                   charge of the energy business
                                   of Hafslund Nycomed A.S., 1988
                                   to 1991. Mr. Munthe is Mr.
                                   Sissener's son-in-law.

Jeffrey E. Smith            51     Chief Financial Officer and
Vice President, Finance            Vice President since May 1994.
and Chief Financial                Executive Vice President and
Officer                            Member of the Office of the
                                   Chief Executive July 1991 to
                                   May 1994.  Vice President,
                                   Finance of the Company from
                                   November 1984 to July 1991.
                                   
Robert F. Wrobel            54     Vice President and Chief Legal
Vice President and Chief           Officer since October of 1997.
Legal Officer                      Vice President and Associate
                                   General Counsel of Duracell
                                   Inc., 1994 to September 1997
                                   and Senior Vice President,
                                   General Counsel and Chief
                                   Administrative Officer of The
                                   Marley Company 1975 to 1993.
                                   
Diane M. Cady               44     Vice President, Investor
Vice President, Investor           Relations since November 1996.
Relations                          Vice President, Investor
                                   Relations for Ply Gem
                                   Industries, Inc. 1987 to
                                   October 1996.
                                   
Albert N. Marchio, II       46     Treasurer of the Company since
Vice President and                 May 1992. Treasurer of Laura
Treasurer                          Ashley, Inc. 1990 to 1992.
                                   
John S. Towler              50     Controller of the Company
Vice President and                 since March 1989.
Controller

Thomas L. Anderson          50     President of the Company's
Vice President and                 U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division
President, U.S.                    since January 1997; President
Pharmaceuticals Division           and Chief Operating Officer of
                                   FoxMeyer Health Corporation
                                   May 1993 to February 1996;
                                   Executive Vice President and
                                   Chief Operating Officer of
                                   FoxMeyer Health Corporation
                                   July 1991 to April 1993.
                                   

Bruce Andrews, Vice         52     President of the Company's
President and President,           Animal Health Division since
Animal Health Division             May 1997. Consultant with
                                   Brakke Consulting, Inc. from
                                   1996 through May of 1997,
                                   President of Lifelearn, Inc.
                                   in 1995, and President of the
                                   Cyanamid North American Animal
                                   Health and Nutrition Division
                                   from 1992 to 1994.

Thor Kristiansen            55     President of the Company's
Vice President and                 Fine Chemicals Division since
President, Fine Chemicals          October 1994; President,
Division                           Biotechnical Division of
                                   Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S
                                   1986 to 1994.

Knut Moksnes                48     President of the Company's
Vice President and                 Aquatic Animal Health Division
President, Aquatic Animal          since October 1994; Managing
Health Division                    Director, Fish Health Division
                                   of Apothekernes Laboratorium
                                   A.S 1991 to 1994.
                                   
Ingrid Wiik                 54     President of the Company's
Vice President and                 International Pharmaceuticals
President, International           Division since October 1994;
Pharmaceuticals Division           President, Pharmaceutical
                                   Division of Apothekernes
                                   Laboratorium A.S 1986 to 1994.
                                   

Item 2.   Properties

Manufacturing and Facilities

   The  Company's corporate offices and principal production  and
technical  development facilities are located in  the  U.S.,  the
United  Kingdom, Denmark, Norway and Indonesia. The Company  also
owns  or  leases  offices and warehouses  in  the  U.S.,  Sweden,
Holland, Finland and elsewhere.

                          Facility  
Location         Status     Size    Use
                          (sq.ft.)
                                    
Fort Lee, NJ    Leased     37,000   Offices-Alpharma corporate
                                    and AHD headquarters
Oslo, Norway    Leased    204,400   Manufacturing of AHD and FCD
                                    products, Alpharma corporate
                                    offices and headquarters for
                                    IPD,FCD and AAHD
Baltimore, MD   Owned     268,000   Manufacturing and offices for
                                    USPD
Baltimore, MD   Leased     18,000   Research and development for
                                    USPD
Bellevue, WA    Leased     20,000   Warehousing, laboratory and
                                    offices for AAHD
Chicago         Owned     195,000   Manufacturing,warehousing,res
Heights, IL.                        earch and development and
                                    offices for AHD
Columbia, MD    Leased    165,000   Distribution center for USPD
Lincolnton, NC  Owned     138,000   Manufacturing and offices for
                                    USPD
Lowell, AR      Leased     68,000   Manufacturing,warehousing and
                                    offices for AHD
Niagara Falls,  Owned      30,000   Warehousing and offices for
NY                                  USPD
Barnstaple,Engl Owned     250,000   Manufacturing, warehousing
and                                 and offices for IPD
Budapest,Hungar Owned     175,000   Manufacturing,warehousing and
y..                                 offices for FCD
Copenhagen,Denm Owned     345,000   Manufacturing,warehousing,
ark                                 research and development and
                                    offices for IPD and FCD
Jakarta,Indones Owned      80,000   Manufacturing, warehousing,
ia.                                 research and development and
                                    offices for IPD
Lier,Norway. .  Owned     180,000   Manufacturing,warehousing and
 .                                   offices for IPD
Overhalla,Norwa Owned      39,500   Manufacturing,warehousing and
y..                                 offices for AAHD
Vennesla,Norway Owned      81,300   Manufacturing, warehousing
 . .                                 and offices for IPD

The  Company  believes  that its principal  facilities  described
above are generally in good repair and condition and adequate and
suitable for the products they produce.


Item 3. Legal Proceedings

   The Company is one of multiple defendants in 80 lawsuits filed
in  various  US Federal District Courts and several State  Courts
alleging  personal  injuries  and two  class  actions  requesting
medical   monitoring  resulting  from  the  use  of   phentermine
distributed  by the Company and prescribed for use in combination
with  fenfluramine or dexfenfluramine manufactured  and  sold  by
other  defendants ("Fen-Phen" lawsuits). None of  the  plaintiffs
has  specified  the amount of his or her monetary demand,  but  a
majority  of the lawsuits allege serious injury. The Company  has
demanded defense and indemnification from the manufacturers  from
whom  it  has purchased phentermine and has filed claims  against
said   manufacturers'  insurance  carriers  and   the   Company's
carriers.  The  Company has received a partial  reimbursement  of
litigation  costs  from one of the manufacturer's  carriers.  The
plaintiff  in  34  of these lawsuits has agreed  to  dismiss  the
Company without prejudice but such dismissals must be approved by
the Court. The Company does not expect that the Fen-Phen lawsuits
will  be material to the Company. It is possible that the Company
could  later  be  named as a defendant in some of the  additional
lawsuits  already  on  file with respect to  these  drugs  or  in
similar lawsuits which could be filed in the future.


     The  Company has received written notice of a claim alleging
that it is violating certain third party U.S. patents in the area
of   electronic  reading  devices  and  offering  to  enter  into
licensing  discussions.  While the Company has not completed  its
analysis of either the validity or applicability of said patents,
several  material Company manufacturing facilities do use devices
and  machinery within the general technical area covered by these
third party patents.  Based upon factors considered reasonable as
of  this date, the Company has no reason to anticipate that  this
matter will result in liability material to the Company.


   From  time  to  time the Company is involved in  certain  non-
material  litigation which is ordinarily found in  businesses  of
this  type,  including contract, employment matters  and  product
liability actions. Product liability suits represent a continuing
risk  to  pharmaceutical  companies.  The  Company  attempts   to
minimize  such  risks by strict controls over  manufacturing  and
quality procedures. Although the Company carries what it believes
to  be  adequate  insurance,  there is  no  assurance  that  such
insurance can fully protect it against all such risks due to  the
inherent   potential  liability  in  the  business  of  producing
pharmaceuticals for human and animal use.


      The  Company is also subject to an action commenced by  the
State  of  California under the State's Safe Drinking  Water  and
Toxic Enforcement Act of 1986. (See "Environmental Matters").

Item 4. Submission of Matters to a Vote of Security Holders

        Not applicable.


                            PART II

Item 5.   Market for Registrant's Common Equity and Related
               Stockholder Matters

Market Information

     The Company's Class A Common Stock is listed on the New York
Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). Information concerning the 1998 and 1997
sales  prices of the Company's Class A Common Stock is set  forth
in the table below.

                              Stock Trading Price
                          1998                     1997
     Quarter         High      Low            High       Low

   First           $24.31    $18.94        $15.13      $11.38         
   Second          $23.00    $19.75        $18.13      $13.50 
   Third           $26.31    $21.44        $23.50      $15.25
   Fourth          $36.94    $22.56        $23.88      $21.25
      As  of  December 31, 1998 and March 10, 1999 the  Company's
stock closing price was $35.31 and $41.38, respectively.

Holders

      As of March 10, 1999, there were 1,609 holders of record of
the  Company's Class A Common Stock and A.L. Industrier held  all
of  the  Company's Class B Common Stock.  Record holders  of  the
Class  A Common Stock include Cede & Co., a clearing agency which
held      approximately  97% of the outstanding  Class  A  Common
Stock as a nominee.

Dividends

       The   Company  has  declared  consecutive  quarterly  cash
dividends  on  its Class A and Class B Common Stock beginning  in
the third quarter of 1984.  Quarterly dividends per share in 1998
and 1997 were $.045 per quarter or $.18 per year.

Item 6.   Selected Financial Data

      The  following is a summary of selected financial data  for
the  Company and its subsidiaries. The data for each of the three
years  in  the  period ended December 31, 1998 have been  derived
from,  and  all  data  should be read in  conjunction  with,  the
audited   consolidated  financial  statements  of  the   Company,
included  in Item 8 of this Report. All amounts are in thousands,
except per share data.

Income Statement Data                                     
                                   Years Ended December 31,
                        1998(4)    1997     1996(3)    1995    1994(2)
                                                               
Total revenue           $604,584  $500,288 $486,184  $520,882   $469,263
                                                              
                                                               
Cost of sales           351,324  289,235   297,128   302,127   275,543
                                                               
 Gross profit           253,260  211,053   189,056   218,755   193,720
                                                               
Selling, general and                                           
 administrative expense 188,264  164,155   185,136   166,274   177,742
                                                               
Operating income         64,996    46,898    3,920     52,481    15,978
                                                               
Interest expense        (25,613)  (18,581) (19,976)  (21,993) (15,355)
                                                              
                                                               
Other income                                                   
 (expense), net           (400)      (567)    (170)     (260)   1,113
                                                               
Income (loss) before                                           
 income taxes and                                              
 extraordinary item     38,983    27,750    (16,226)  30,228    1,736
                                                               
Provision (benefit)                                            
 for income taxes        14,772   10,342     (4,765)  11,411    3,439
                                                               
Income (loss) before                                           
 extraordinary item     $24,211 $ 17,408   $(11,461)  18,817   $(1,703)
                                                               
Net income (loss) (1)   $24,211 $ 17,408   $(11,461)  18,817   $(2,386)
                                                               
Average number of                                              
 shares outstanding:
  Diluted                26,279   22,780     21,715    21,754    21,568
                                                               
Earnings (loss) per                                            
 share: Diluted
  Income (loss)                                                
   before                                                      
extraordinary           $   .92  $   .76   $  (.53)  $   .87   $  (.08)
   item
  Net income (loss)     $   .92  $   .76   $  (.53)  $   .87   $  (.11)
                                                               
 Dividend per common                                           
  share                 $   .18  $   .18   $   .18   $   .18   $   .18
                                                               



(1)  Net  loss  includes: 1994 - extraordinary  item  -  loss  on
     extinguishment of debt ($683).

(2)  1994  includes transaction costs relating to the combination
     with Alpharma Oslo and Management Actions which are included in
     cost of goods sold ($450) and selling, general and administrative
     ($24,200). Amounts net after tax of approximately $17,400 ($0.81
     per share).

(3)  1996  includes  Management Actions  relating  to  production
     rationalizations and severance which are included in cost of
     goods       sold   ($1,100)   and   selling,   general   and
     administrative   ($17,700).  Amounts  net   after   tax   of
     approximately $12,600 ($0.58 per share).

(4)  1998 includes results of operations from date of acquisition
     of  Cox Pharmaceuticals (May 1998) and non-recurring charges
     related to the Cox acquisition which are included in cost of
     sales ($1,300) and selling, general and administrative ($2,300).
     Charges, net after tax, were approximately $3,130 ($0.12 per
     share).

                                 As of December 31,
Balance Sheet Data         1998(1)             1997      1996      1995
1994

Current assets           $335,484  $273,677  $274,859  $282,886  $250,499
Non-current assets        573,452   358,189   338,548   351,967   341,819

 Total assets           $908,936  $631,866  $613,407  $634,853  $592,318
Current liabilities      $170,437  $133,926  $155,651  $169,283  $154,650
Long-term debt, less
  current maturities      429,034   223,975   233,781   219,451   220,036
Deferred taxes and
  other non-current
  liabilities              42,186    35,492    37,933    40,929    36,344
Stockholders' equity      267,279   238,473   186,042   205,190   181,288
  Total liabilities
  and equity             $908,936  $631,866  $613,407  $634,853  $592,318
(1)  Includes   accounts   from  date  of  acquisition   of   Cox
     Pharmaceuticals (May 1998).


Item 7.   Management's  Discussion  and  Analysis  of   Financial
          Condition and Results of Operations

Overview

      1998  and  1997  were  years in which  operations  improved
relative  to the preceding year. Both years included a number  of
significant transactions which the Company believes will  enhance
future growth. Such transactions include:

1998

         In  March  the Company issued $192.8 million  of  5.75%
       Convertible Subordinated Notes due in 2005.

         In  May  the  Company's  International  Pharmaceuticals
       Division  ("IPD") purchased the Cox Generic Pharmaceutical
       business   ("Cox")  conducted  primarily  in  the   United
       Kingdom for approximately $198.0 million.

         In  November  the  Company's IPD  purchased  a  generic
       pharmaceutical product line in Germany for $13.3 million.

         In  November the Company acquired pursuant to a  tender
       offer  approximately 93% of the outstanding warrants which
       were  to have expired on January 3, 1999 with common stock
       with  a  market  value  of  approximately  $37.0  million.
       Subsequent  to  December  31, 1998  the  majority  of  the
       remaining  warrants  were exercised for  $4.4  million  in
       cash.

         In  December  the  Company's  Fine  Chemicals  Division
       ("FCD")  purchased a fine chemical manufacturing plant  in
       Budapest, Hungary for $8.4 million.

         During  the  year  the  Company commenced  negotiations
       (completed  in  January  1999) to  replace  its  Revolving
       Credit  Facility and existing domestic short  term  credit
       lines  with  a  comprehensive  syndicated  facility  which
       provides for increased borrowing capacity of up to  $300.0
       million.

1997
         The Company raised $56.4 million by issuing Class B stock
       through a stock subscription ($20.4 million) and Class A stock
       through a rights offering ($36.0 million).

         The Animal Health Division ("AHD") acquired the worldwide
       decoquinate ("Deccoxr") product and business from a  major
       pharmaceutical company. The product is an anticocidial feed
       additive which provides AHD with its first major product in the
       cattle industry.

          The FCD purchased a worldwide polymyxin business which
       complements its existing polymyxin business.

         Both the U.S. Pharmaceuticals Division ("USPD") and the IPD
       completed partnership alliances and marketing agreements to
       broaden their product lines.

1996

      Results in 1996 included charges for Management Actions. In
addition, operations were negatively affected by external  market
conditions. The factors which combined to produce a loss in  1996
and the status of these factors in 1997/1998 are as follows:

  1996  charges  for  Management Actions  -  approximately  $12.6
million after tax.

         Rationalization  of  the  IPD's  selling  and  marketing
     organization  in  Scandinavia  resulting  in   charges   for
     severance. Rationalization completed in 1997.

        Commencement  of  an  IPD plan to  transfer  all  tablet,
     ointment  and liquid production from Copenhagen, Denmark  to
     Lier, Norway resulting in charges for severance, asset write-
     offs and other exit costs. Transfer completed in late 1998.

        Commencement  of a USPD plan to accelerate  the  move  of
     production from locations in New Jersey and New York  to  an
     existing  plant in Lincolnton, North Carolina  resulting  in
     charges  for  severance,  asset write-offs  and  other  exit
     costs. Completed in 1997, benefits realized in 1997 and 1998
     due to more efficient production in the USPD.

        Rationalization  of  the AHD and  USPD  organizations  to
     address  current competitive conditions in their  respective
     industries  resulting  in charges for  severance  and  other
     termination benefits. Rationalization completed in 1997.

 1996 External Factors.

        Fundamental  shift  in  generic  pharmaceutical  industry
     distribution, purchasing and stocking patterns resulting  in
     significantly lower sales and prices in the USPD. USPD sales
     have  increased  in  both 1997 and 1998 in  a  more  orderly
     market;  however,  there  is  continuing  but  significantly
     lessened pressure on pricing relative to 1996.

        Significant bad debt expense due to the bankruptcy  of  a
     major wholesaler to the USPD and collection difficulties  in
     certain   international  markets.  No   major   bankruptcies
     occurred  in  1997  and  1998,  but  collection  of  certain
     accounts remains slow in certain international markets.

       High feed grain prices in the animal health industry which
     resulted  in lower industry usage of feed additive  products
     supplied  by  AHD  and  increased  competition  among   feed
     additive suppliers. Grain prices were at more normal  levels
     in 1997 and 1998. Competitive conditions continue.


Results of Operations

      Comparison  of year ended December 31, 1998 to  year  ended
December 31, 1997.

      For  the  year ended December 31, 1998 revenue  was  $604.6
million, an increase of $104.3 million (20.8%) compared to  1997.
Operating income was $65.0 million, an increase of $18.1 million,
compared  to 1997. Net income was $24.2 million ($.92 per  share)
compared  to  a net income of $17.4 million ($.76 per  share)  in
1997.  Results  for 1998 include non-recurring charges  resulting
from the Cox acquisition which reduced net income by $3.1 million
($.12 per share).

                       Acquisition of Cox

      All comparisons of 1998 results to 1997 are affected by Cox
which  was  acquired  in May of 1998 for a total  purchase  price
including  direct  costs  of acquisition  of  approximately  $198
million.  Cox  is  a  generic  pharmaceutical  manufacturer   and
marketer  of tablets, capsules, suppositories, liquids, ointments
and  creams. Cox's main operations (which primarily consist of  a
manufacturing   plant,  warehousing  facilities   and   a   sales
organization) are located in the United Kingdom with distribution
and  sales operations located in Scandinavia and the Netherlands.
Cox   distributes   its  products  to  pharmacy   retailers   and
pharmaceutical  wholesalers  primarily  in  the  United  Kingdom.
Exports account for approximately 10% of its sales.

      The  Company financed the $198 million purchase  price  and
related  debt repayments from borrowings under its then  existing
long-term  Revolving  Credit Facility  and  short-term  lines  of
credit.  The  $180 million Revolving Credit Facility ("RCF")  was
used to fund the principal portion of the purchase price. At  the
end  of March 1998, the Company repaid approximately $162 million
of  borrowings under the RCF with the proceeds from the  issuance
of $193 million of convertible subordinated notes. Such repayment
created  the capacity under the RCF to incur the borrowings  used
to finance the acquisition of Cox.

      The  acquisition was accounted for in accordance  with  the
purchase  method.  The  fair value of  the  assets  acquired  and
liabilities  assumed and the results of operations  are  included
from the date of acquisition.

      The purchase of Cox had a significant effect on the results
of  operations  of  the Company for the year ended  December  31,
1998. Cox is included in IPD.

     For the approximate eight month period included in 1998, Cox
contributed   sales  of  $62.1  million  and  operating   income,
exclusive of non-recurring acquisition related charges,  of  $5.2
million.  Operating  income is reduced  by  the  amortization  of
goodwill  totaling approximately $3.0 million.  Interest  expense
increased  by approximately $8.0 million reflecting the financing
of the acquisition primarily with long-term debt.

     Acquisition charges required by generally accepted accounted
principles  and recorded in the second quarter of  1998  included
the write-up of inventory to fair value and related write-off  on
the  sale  of the inventory of $1.3 million, a write-off  of  in-
process  research  and development ("R&D") of  $2.1  million  and
severance  of  certain  employees of the  IPD  of  $0.2  million.
Because  in-process R&D is not tax benefited the one-time charges
were $3.1 million after tax or $.12 per share.

                            Revenues

      Revenues increased $104.3 million in 1998 despite  currency
translation  of  international  sales  into  U.S.  dollars  which
reduced  reported  sales  by  over $20.0  million.  Increases  in
revenues and major components of change for each division in 1998
compared to 1997 are as follows:

      Revenues in IPD increased by $59.0 million due to  the  Cox
acquisition  ($62.1 million), increased volume for  existing  and
other  new and other acquired products ($14.0 million) offset  by
translation of IPD sales in local currencies into the U.S. dollar
($17.1  million).  Revenues in USPD increased $23.4  million  due
primarily  to  volume increases in existing and new products  and
revenue  from licensing activities offset slightly by  lower  net
pricing.  FCD  revenues  increased $14.4 million  due  mainly  to
volume  increases  in  vancomycin  and  polymyxin.  AHD  revenues
increased  $7.9  million due primarily to  sales  of  the  Deccox
product  line  acquired in 1997. Aquatic Animal  Health  Division
("AAHD")   sales  increased  $3.7  million  due  principally   to
increased sales of AlphaMax, a treatment for salmon lice.

                          Gross Profit

     On a consolidated basis gross profit increased $42.2 million
with margins at 41.9% in 1998 compared to 42.2% in 1997. Included
in  1998  results  is the non-recurring charge  of  $1.3  million
related  to  the  write-up and subsequent sale  of  acquired  Cox
inventory.  Without  the charge overall gross profit  percentages
would  be  essentially  the  same for both  years.  Gross  profit
dollars were positively affected by volume increases for existing
and  new  products  in all divisions and the acquisition  of  Cox
offset  by  increased costs incurred by IPD in  the  transfer  of
production  from  Copenhagen  to Lier  and  currency  translation
effects primarily in IPD. On an overall basis pricing had a minor
positive effect.

                       Operating Expenses

      Operating expenses increased by $24.1 million in 1998 on  a
consolidated  basis.  Included in 1998 operating  expenses  is  a
charge  for  in-process  R&D of $2.1  million  and  IPD  employee
severance  of  $.2  million resulting from the  Cox  acquisition.
Operating  expenses  in  1998  were  30.8%  of  revenues   (31.1%
including  the  Cox  acquisition charges) compared  to  32.8%  of
revenues in 1997. Operating expenses increased primarily  due  to
the acquisition of Cox including goodwill amortization, increased
selling  and marketing expenses due to higher revenues, increased
general and administrative expenses due to targeted increases  in
staffing  and  increased incentive programs  offset  slightly  by
translation of costs incurred in foreign currencies.

                        Operating Income

      Operating  income  as reported in 1998 increased  by  $18.1
million. The Company believes the change in operating income  can
be approximated as follows:

($ in millions)      IPD   USPD    FCD    AHD   AAHD  Unalloc  Total
                                                         .
                                                               
1997 Operating                                                 
 income             $11.0   4.1    9.4   32.0   2.8   (12.4)   $46.9
Acquisition                                                    
 charges - Cox      (3.6)    -      -      -     -      -      (3.6)
Cox operating        5.2   -      -      -     -      -        5.2
income
Net margin                                                     
 improvement due                                               
to  volume, new                                                           
products and price   5.9  10.5    7.7    9.8   3.0    -       36.9
(Increase) in                                                  
 production and                                                
 operating                                                     
expenses,                                    
 net                (7.1)  (3.5)  (.1)   (4.1) (1.9)   (.6)   (17.3)
Translation and                                                
 other              (3.4)   -      .5     .1   (.3)     -     (3.1) 
                                                               
1998 Operating       $8.0  11.1   17.5   37.8   3.6   (13.0)   $65.0
 income


                  Interest Expense/Other/Taxes

      Interest  expense  increased in 1998 by  $7.0  million  due
primarily  to  the acquisition of Cox. Lower interest  rates  and
positive  cash  flow  from operations which lowered  debt  levels
required for operations relative to 1997, offset a portion of the
increased interest from acquisitions.

     The provision for income taxes was 37.9% in 1998 compared to
37.3%  in 1997. The slight increase in 1998 results from  a  1.7%
rate increase due to the write-off of in-process R&D which is not
tax benefited, a .7% rate increase due to non-deductible goodwill
resulting from the Cox acquisition offset partially by higher tax
credits and lower statutory tax rates on foreign earnings.


Results of Operations

Comparison  of  Year  Ended  December  31,  1997  to  Year  Ended
December 31, 1996.

      For  the  year ended December 31, 1997 revenue  was  $500.3
million,  an increase of $14.1 million (2.9%) compared  to  1996.
Operating income was $46.9 million, an increase of $43.0 million,
compared  to 1996. Net income was $17.4 million ($.76 per  share)
compared to a net loss of $11.5 million ($.53 per share) in 1996.

      Net  income  in  1996  was reduced by  approximately  $12.6
million   ($.58   per   share)  for  severance   related   to   a
reorganization  of the IPD sales and marketing  function  in  the
Nordic  countries, charges and expenses resulting from production
rationalization  plans  in the IPD and the  USPD  and  additional
Management   Actions   in  the  AHD.  (See  section   "Management
Actions.")

                            Revenues

      On  an overall basis revenues increased $14.1 million. 1997
revenues compared to 1996 were reduced by over $20.0 million  due
to translation of sales in foreign currency into the U.S. dollar.
Revenue changes by division are as follows:

     Revenues increased by $3.1 million in the USPD due primarily
to  increased volume in a number of Rx and OTC products including
products introduced in the past three years. The increased volume
was  partially offset by lower net selling prices resulting  from
the  continuation of programs initiated by major  wholesalers  in
the  second  half  of  1996 which fundamentally  shifted  generic
pharmaceutical  industry  distribution  purchasing  and  stocking
patterns.  In IPD overall volume and pricing were up on  a  local
currency basis. However, IPD revenues were lower by $7.9  million
primarily  as a result of the effect of translation of  sales  in
Scandinavian  currencies  into the  U.S.  dollar.  A  substantial
majority of the translation effect was recognized in the IPD. For
the  year 1997 average exchange rates for Scandinavian currencies
where  IPD  conducts a substantial portion of  its  business  had
declined  by 10%-14% compared to 1996. Sales in the FCD increased
by $2.6 million principally due to higher volume.

      AHD  revenues  increased  $12.4 million  primarily  due  to
increased  volume  of  most  major  products,  as  well  as   the
acquisition  of  the  Deccox business  in  September  1997.  AAHD
revenues increased $3.0 million compared to 1996 due primarily to
increased  sales  in the Norwegian fish vaccine market  resulting
from  both  new  product  volume and increased  market  share  of
existing products.

                          Gross Profit

      On  a  consolidated  basis, gross  profit  increased  $22.0
million  and the gross margin percent increased to 42.2% in  1997
compared to 38.9% in 1996.

      The  increase in dollars and percent was the  result  of  a
number  of factors. USPD gross profits accounted for the majority
of  the  increase and improved as a result of lower manufacturing
costs  in  the  aggregate (due to the transfer of production  and
closing  of two marginal facilities as part of Management Actions
in  1996)  and  increased  production  efficiencies  in  the  two
remaining core facilities. Offsetting savings in production costs
were  lower  net  selling prices in the UPSD. IPD  had  increased
gross  profits in local currencies but decreased in the aggregate
when  translated  into U.S. dollars. FCD gross profits  increased
marginally compared to 1996.

      AHD  gross profits increased due to increased volume  (both
existing products and Deccox) offset partially by somewhat  lower
pricing.  AAHD  gross  profits increased  due  to  higher  margin
products introduced in 1997.

                       Operating Expenses

      Operating expenses on a consolidated basis decreased  $21.0
million  or  11.3%. Included in operating expenses in  1996  were
charges  incurred for Management Actions totaling $17.7  million.
(See  section "Management Actions"). The following table compares
operating  expenses  for  the year with  and  without  Management
Actions:

  ($ in millions)                         1997         1996
                                                    
  Operating expenses as reported        $164.2       $185.1
                                                    
  Management actions - 1996                -          (17.7)
                                        $164.2       $167.4
                                                    
  As a % of revenues                      32.8%        34.4%

      The  net  reduction in operating expenses, after  excluding
Management Actions reflects a continued emphasis on cost control,
the  effect  of  currency  translation on  expenses  incurred  in
foreign  currencies, and a reduction of expenses  resulting  from
prior  year Management Actions which reduced payroll,  offset  by
planned   increases  in  certain  expenses   and   increases   in
administrative   expenses  resulting  from   personnel   changes,
employee incentive programs, and litigation expenses.

                        Operating Income

      Operating  income  as  reported  in  1997  increased  $43.0
million. The increase in gross profit due to increased sales  and
lower production costs, lower operating expenses, and the absence
of   charges  for  Management  Actions  all  contributed  to  the
increase.

      The  Company believes the change in operating  income  from
1996 to 1997 can be approximated as follows:


($ in millions)      IPD   USPD    FCD    AHD   AAHD  Unalloc  Total
                                                         .
                                                               
1996 Operating                                                 
 income(loss)        $2.5  (19.2)   8.5   21.0  (.3)    (8.6)   $3.9
Add back 1996                                                  
 management           8.1   5.7     -     4.5    -       .5    18.8
actions
     Sub-total       10.6  (13.5)   8.5   25.5  (.3)   (8.1)   22.7
Net margin change                                              
 due to volume,                                                
new products and  
price                 3.9  (3.3)   3.8    6.6   3.8     -      14.8        
(Increase)decrease                   
 in production and                                             
 operating expenses,
 net                 (3.1)   20.8  (2.9)  (.4)   (.4)   (4.0)   10.0
Translation and                                                
 other               (.4)      .1     -    .3    (.3)    (.3)   (.6)
                                                               
1997 Operating                                                 
 income             $11.0   4.1    9.4   32.0   2.8   (12.4)   $46.9

                  Interest Expense/Other/Taxes

      Interest  expense decreased $1.4 million due to lower  debt
levels  (aided  by  the receipt, in 1997 of  approximately  $56.4
million  of  new  equity) and generally lower interest  rates  in
1997.

      Other,  net in 1997 was a $0.6 million loss compared  to  a
$0.2  million  loss in 1996. Foreign exchange transaction  losses
included  in Other, net in 1997 and 1996 were approximately  $0.7
million  and  $0.2 million, respectively. The loss  in  1997  was
primarily  the  result of the strengthening of  the  U.S.  dollar
during 1997.

     The provision for income taxes was 37.3% in 1997 compared to
a  benefit for income taxes (due to a pre-tax loss) of  29.4%  in
1996. The difference between the statutory rate and the effective
rate  is the interaction of state income taxes and non-deductible
costs which increase the rate partially offset by lower taxes  in
foreign jurisdictions.


Management Actions

      In  December  1994, after the acquisition of Alpharma  Oslo
from  A.L. Industrier, and continuing to some degree in 1995  the
Company  announced a number of Management Actions which  included
staff   reductions  and  certain  product  line  and   facilities
rationalizations  as  a  first step toward realizing  combination
synergies  and  maximizing  the overall  position  of  the  newly
combined Company.

      In  the  first  quarter of 1996, the Company announced  the
reorganization  of  the IPD sales and marketing  organization  in
Scandinavia. The reorganization resulted in severing 30 personnel
at  a  cost  of  $1.9 million. IPD estimates the  annual  expense
reduction by 1997 from this action at over $1.0 million.

      In  the  second  quarter of 1996, the  Board  of  Directors
approved  an  IPD production rationalization plan which  included
the  transfer of all tablet, ointment and liquid production  from
Copenhagen,  Denmark  to  Lier, Norway.  The  full  transfer  was
completed  in  late  1998 and resulted  in  a  net  reduction  of
approximately 100 employees. The rationalization plan resulted in
a  charge  in  the  second  quarter of  1996  for  severance  for
Copenhagen   employees,  an  impairment  write-off  for   certain
buildings and machinery and equipment and other exit costs.

      In  1995, the Company announced a plan by USPD to move  all
suppositories  and  cream  and  ointment  production   from   two
locations  to  the  Lincolnton, North Carolina location.  In  the
second  quarter  of 1996, USPD prepared a plan to accelerate  the
previously  approved plan for consolidation of the  manufacturing
operations  within  USPD.  The Board of  Directors  approved  the
acceleration in May 1996.

      The  acceleration  plan included the discontinuing  of  all
activities in two USPD manufacturing facilities in New  York  and
New Jersey and the transfer of all pharmaceutical production from
those  sites  to the facility in Lincolnton, North Carolina.  The
plan  provided for complete exit by early 1997 and resulted in  a
net  reduction  of  over  150 employees.  The  acceleration  plan
resulted  in  a  second quarter charge in 1996 for  severance  of
employees,  a write-off for leasehold improvements and  machinery
and  equipment  and  significant exit costs  including  estimated
remaining  lease costs and facility refurbishment costs.  In  the
third quarter of 1996, the Company sold its tablet business which
was located in New Jersey and sub-leased the New Jersey location.
The  sale provided net proceeds of approximately $0.5 million and
resulted  in  the adjustment of certain accruals for  exit  costs
made  in  the second quarter which contemplated the shut down  of
the facility.

      In  the  second half of 1996, additional Management Actions
included  a reorganization at USPD which resulted in severing  15
employees and a reorganization of the AHD business practices  and
staffing   levels  which  resulted  in  severing   and/or   early
retirement of 33 employees and other exit costs.

      As a result of the 1996 reorganizations in USPD and AHD the
Company believes annual payroll and payroll related costs of $2.5
million  were  eliminated. The production  rationalization  plans
have  benefited  operations in 1997 and 1998  for  USPD  and  are
expected to begin to benefit operations in IPD in 1999.

      The Company believes the dynamic nature of its business may
present   additional   opportunities  to  rationalize   personnel
functions    and   operations   to   increase   efficiency    and
profitability.  Accordingly, similar management  actions  may  be
considered in the future and could be material to the results  of
operations in the quarter they are announced.

Inflation

      The  effect of inflation on the Company's operations during
1998, 1997 and 1996 was not significant.

Liquidity and Capital Resources

      At  December  31,  1998, stockholders'  equity  was  $267.3
million compared to $238.5 million and $186.0 million at December
31, 1997, and 1996, respectively.  The ratio of long-term debt to
equity  was 1.61:1, 0.94:1 and 1.26:1 at December 31, 1998,  1997
and  1996, respectively. The increase in stockholders' equity  in
1998 primarily reflects net income in 1998 less dividends and the
issuance  of common stock in 1998 through the exercise  of  stock
options and purchases under the employee stock purchase plan. The
increase in long-term debt from 1997 to 1998 was due primarily to
the acquisition of Cox in May 1998.

      Working  capital  at December 31, 1998 was  $165.0  million
compared  to  $139.8 million and $119.2 million at  December  31,
1997  and  1996, respectively. The current ratio  was  1.97:1  at
December  31, 1998 compared to 2.04:1 and 1.77:1 at December  31,
1997 and 1996, respectively.

      The  Cox  acquisition substantially increased the following
balance  sheet  captions:  accounts receivable  ($17.7  million),
inventory  ($17.1 million), property, plant and equipment  ($33.9
million),  intangible  assets  ($160.0  million),  and   accounts
payable  and  accrued expenses ($17.7 million).  Additionally  at
year end accounts receivable increased by over $22.0 million  due
to  significantly  higher fourth quarter 1998 sales  relative  to
1997.

      The  Company  presently  has  various  capital  expenditure
programs  under  way and planned including the expansion  of  the
newly  acquired FCD facility in Budapest, Hungary. In  1998,  the
Company's  capital expenditures were $31.4 million, and  in  1999
the Company plans to spend a greater amount than in 1998.

      In  February  1999,  the Company's  USPD  entered  into  an
agreement  with  Ascent Pediatrics, Inc. ("Ascent")  under  which
UPSD  will  provide up to $40 million in loans to  Ascent  to  be
evidenced by 7 1/2% convertible subordinated notes due 2005. Up  to
$12  million of the proceeds of the Loans can be used for general
corporate  purposes,  with $28 million of proceeds  reserved  for
projects  and acquisitions intended to enhance growth of  Ascent.
While  exact timing cannot be predicted, it is expected the $40.0
million will be advanced in the next two years.

      At  December  31,  1998,  the  Company  had  $65.8  million
available  under existing short-term unused lines of  credit  and
$14.4 million in cash. In January 1999, the Company replaced  its
prior $180.0 million revolving credit facility and domestic short
term lines of credit with a $300.0 million credit facility ("1999
Credit Facility"). In addition, European short term credit  lines
were set at $30.0 million. The 1999 Credit Facility provides  for
a  $100.0  million  six  year  term loan  and  a  $200.0  million
revolving credit facility with an initial five year term with two
possible  one  year extensions. The 1999 Credit Facility  extends
the  maturities  under prior agreements and  allows  the  Company
additional financing flexibility. Comparing year end debt amounts
for  the prior Revolving Credit, domestic short term debt and the
A/S Eksportfinans loan (all of which were refinanced in the first
quarter  1999),  to  the  1999 Credit Facility  the  Company  has
approximately  $95.0  million  available.  Comparing   the   1999
European  line of credit to the year end short term debt balance,
the  Company  has  over  $10.0  million  available.  The  Company
believes  that the combination of cash from operations and  funds
available  under existing lines of credit will be  sufficient  to
cover its currently planned operating needs.

      A substantial portion of the Company's short-term and long-
term debt is at variable interest rates. During 1999, the Company
will  consider  entering  into interest rate  agreements  to  fix
interest  rates  for  all or a portion of its  variable  debt  to
minimize  the  impact  of future changes in interest  rates.  The
Company's  policy  is to selectively enter into  "plain  vanilla"
agreements  to  fix interest rates for existing  debt  if  it  is
deemed prudent.

      In addition to investments for internal growth, the Company
has  continued  its  pursuit  of  complementary  acquisitions  or
alliances,  particularly  in  human  pharmaceuticals,  that   can
provide new products and market opportunities as well as leverage
existing   assets.  In  order  to  accomplish   any   significant
acquisition,  it is likely that the Company will need  to  obtain
additional  financing  in the form of equity  related  securities
and/or  borrowings.  Any significant new borrowings  require  the
Company  meet  the  debt covenants included in  the  1999  Credit
Facility  which provide for varying interest rates based  on  the
ratio of total debt to EBITDA.

Year 2000

General

      The  Year  2000 ("Y2K") issue is primarily  the  result  of
certain  computer  programs  and embedded  computer  chips  being
unable  to  distinguish between the year 1900  and  2000.   As  a
result,   the   Company  along  with  all  other   business   and
governmental entities, is at risk for possible miscalculations of
a   financial  nature  and  systems  failures  which  may   cause
disruptions  in its operations.  The Company can be  affected  by
the Y2K readiness of its systems or the systems of the many other
entities with which it interfaces, directly or indirectly.

      The Company began its program to address its potential  Y2K
issues  in late 1996 and has organized its activities to  prepare
for  Y2K at the division level.  The divisions have focused their
efforts  on  three areas:  (1) information systems  software  and
hardware;  (2)  manufacturing facilities and  related  equipment;
(i.e.  embedded  technology)  and (3)  third-party  relationships
(i.e.  customers, suppliers, and other).  Information system  and
hardware  Y2K  efforts are being coordinated by  an  IT  steering
committee composed of divisional personnel.

       The   Company  and  the  divisions  have  organized  their
activities and are monitoring their progress in each area by  the
following four phases:

     Phase 1:  Awareness/Assessment  -  identify,  quantify   and
               prioritize business and financial risks by area.
     
     Phase 2:  Budget/Plan/Timetable - prepare a  plan  including
               costs   and  target  dates  to  address  phase   1
               exposures.
     
     Phase 3:  Implementation  -  execute the  plan  prepared  in
               phase 2.
     
     Phase 4:  Testing/Validation  -  test   and   validate   the
               implemented  plans to insure the Y2K exposure  has
               been eliminated or mitigated.

State of Readiness

     The Company summarizes its divisions' state of readiness  at
December 31, 1998 as follows:

Information Systems and Hardware

                                         Quarter forecasted
                    Approximate range    for substantial
Phase               of completion        completion
                                         
1                   100%                 Completed
2                   95 - 100%            1st Quarter 1999
3                   70 -  80%            2nd Quarter 1999
4                   50 -  90%            3rd Quarter 1999


Embedded Factory Systems

                                         Quarter forecasted
                    Approximate range    for substantial
Phase               of completion        completion
                                         
1                   90 - 100%            1st Quarter 1999
2                   85 - 100%            1st Quarter 1999
3                   35 -  85%            3rd Quarter 1999
4                   35 -  85%            3rd Quarter 1999

Third Party Relationships

                                         Quarter forecasted
                    Approximate range    for substantial
Phase               of completion        completion
                                         
1                   50 - 100% (a)        2nd Quarter 1999(a)
2                   55 -  90%  (a)       2nd Quarter 1999(a)
3                   (a) (b)              (a) (b)
4                   (a) (b)              (a) (b)


(a)   Refers  to  significant identified risks - (e.g. customers,
   suppliers of raw materials and providers of services) does not
   include  exposures that relate to interruption of  utility  or
   government provided services.
   
(b)   Awaiting  completion of vendor response and  follow-up  due
   diligence to Y2K readiness surveys.
   

Cost
     
     The  Company expects the costs directly associated with  its
Y2K  efforts  to  be  between  $3.0 and  $4.0  million  of  which
approximately $1.3 has been spent to date.  The cost estimates do
not include additional costs that may be incurred as a result  of
the failure of third parties to become Y2K compliant or costs  to
implement any contingency plans.

Risks

     The   Company   has  identified  the  following  significant
reasonably  possible  Y2K  problems and  is  considering  related
contingency plans.

      Possible problem: the inability of significant sole  source
suppliers  of raw materials or active ingredients to  provide  an
uninterrupted supply of material necessary for the manufacture of
Company  products. Since various drug regulations will  make  the
establishment  of  alternative  supply  sources  difficult,   the
Company  is  considering building inventory  levels  of  critical
materials prior to December 31, 1999.
     
     Possible  problem: the failure to properly interface  caused
by  noncompliance  of  significant customer  operated  electronic
ordering  systems.  The Company is considering plans to  manually
process orders until these systems become compliant.
     
     Possible problem: the shutdown or malfunctioning of  Company
manufacturing equipment. The Company will advance internal clocks
to  the year 2000 on certain key equipment during scheduled plant
shutdowns  in  1999  to determine the effect  on  operations  and
develop plans, as necessary, for manual operations or third party
contract manufacturing.
     
     Based  on  the assessment efforts to date, the Company  does
not  believe  that  the Y2K issue will have  a  material  adverse
effect  on  its financial condition or results of operation.  The
Company  believes that any effect of the Year 2000 issue will  be
mitigated because of the Company's divisional operating structure
which is diverse both geographically and with respect to customer
and  supplier  relationships.  Therefore, the adverse  effect  of
most  individual  failures should be isolated  to  an  individual
product, customer or Company facility. However, there can  be  no
assurance that the systems of third-parties on which the  Company
relies will be converted in a timely manner, or that a failure to
properly  convert by another company would not  have  a  material
adverse effect on the Company.

     The  Company's  Y2K program is an ongoing process  that  may
uncover  additional  exposures and all  estimates  of  costs  and
completion are subject to change as the process continues.

Derivative Financial Instruments-Market Risk and Risk Management
Policies

      The  Company's  earnings  and  cash  flow  are  subject  to
fluctuations  due to changes in foreign currency  exchange  rates
and  interest  rates.  The  Company's  risk  management  practice
includes  the  selective  use, on a  limited  basis,  of  forward
foreign currency exchange contracts and interest rate agreements.
Such instruments are used for purposes other than trading.

     Foreign currency exchange rate movements create fluctuations
in  U.S.  dollar  reported amounts of foreign subsidiaries  whose
local currencies are their respective functional currencies.  The
Company  has not used foreign currency derivative instruments  to
manage  translation fluctuations. The Company and its  respective
subsidiaries primarily use forward foreign exchange contracts  to
hedge certain cash flows denominated in currencies other than the
subsidiary's  functional currency. Such cash flows  are  normally
represented  by  actual receivables and payables and  anticipated
receivables and payables for which there is a firm commitment.

      At  December  31,  1998  the Company  had  forward  foreign
exchange  contracts with a notional amount of $17,300.  The  fair
market  value of such contracts is essentially the  same  as  the
notional  amount.  All contracts expire in the first  quarter  of
1999.  The  cash flows expected from the contracts will generally
offset   the  cash  flows  of  related  non-functional   currency
transactions. The change in value of the foreign currency forward
contracts  resulting  from  a 10% movement  in  foreign  currency
exchange  rates would be approximately $1.0 million and generally
would  be  offset by the change in value of the hedged receivable
or payable.

      At  December  31,  1998 the Company has  no  interest  rate
agreements outstanding. The Company is considering entering  into
interest  rate agreements in 1999 to fix the interest rate  on  a
portion of its long term debt.

Recent Accounting Pronouncements

      In  June  1998,  the Financial Accounting  Standards  Board
(FASB) issued SFAS No. 133, Accounting for Derivative Instruments
and  Hedging Activities (SFAS 133). SFAS 133 is effective for all
fiscal quarters of all fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999
(January  1,  2000 for the Company). SFAS 133 requires  that  all
derivative instruments be recorded on the balance sheet at  their
fair value. Changes in the fair value of derivatives are recorded
each  period  in current earnings or other comprehensive  income,
depending  on  whether a derivative is designated as  part  of  a
hedge  transaction and, if it is, the type of hedge  transaction.
SFAS  133  is  not  expected to have a  material  impact  on  the
Company's consolidated results of operations, financial  position
or cash flows.

RISK FACTORS

      This  report  includes certain forward looking  statements.
Like  any  company subject to a competitive business environment,
the  Company cannot guarantee the results predicted in any of the
Company's  forward-looking  statements.  Important  factors  that
could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the
forward-looking statements include (but are not limited  to)  the
following:

                      Government Regulation

      The  research, development, manufacturing and marketing  of
the  Company's  products  are  subject  to  extensive  government
regulation.  Government  regulation includes  inspection  of  and
controls over testing, manufacturing, safety, efficacy, labeling,
record keeping, sale and distribution of pharmaceutical products.
The  U.S.  and  other governments regularly review  manufacturing
operations. Noncompliance with applicable requirements can result
in fines, recall or seizure of products, suspension of production
and  debarment  of individuals or the Company from obtaining  new
drug   approvals.   Such   government  regulation   substantially
increases  the  cost of manufacturing and selling  the  Company's
products.

      The  Company has filed applications to market its  products
with  regulatory  agencies both in the U.S. and  internationally.
The  timing  of  receipt of approvals of these  applications  can
significantly  affect  future revenues and  income,  particularly
with respect to human pharmaceuticals at the end of third parties
patent  protection. There can be no assurance  that  new  product
approvals  will be obtained in a timely manner, if ever.  Failure
to  obtain approvals, or timing of approvals when expected, could
have a material adverse effect on the Company's business.

      The  use  of  bacitracin  zinc, a  feed  antibiotic  growth
promoter,  is  being  banned for use in livestock  feeds  in  the
European  Union,  effective  1st  July,  1999.  The  Company   is
attempting  to  reverse or limit this action,  that  affects  its
Albac  product,  by  political  and  legal  means.  Although   no
assurance  of  success can be given, it is the  Company's  belief
that  strong scientific evidence exists to refute the EU  action.
In   addition,  certain  other  countries  have  enacted  or  are
considering a similar ban. If the loss of Albac sales is  limited
to the European Union and those countries that have already taken
similar  action,  the  Company does  not  anticipate  a  material
adverse  effect. If either (a) other countries more important  to
the  Company's sales of bacitracin based products should ban  the
product  or  (b)  the European Union should act  to  prevent  the
importation of meat products from countries that allow the use of
bacitracin based products, such actions could depending on  their
scope,  be materially adverse to the Company. The Company  cannot
predict whether the present bacitracin zinc ban will be expanded.
                                
                 Risks Associated with Leverage

      As  of December 31, 1998, the Company had total outstanding
long-term  indebtedness  of  approximately  $429.0  million,   or
approximately  62%  of the Company's total capitalization.  After
refinancing of its long-term debt in January 1999 the Company may
incur   approximately  $105.0  million  additional   indebtedness
through  borrowings under its credit agreements, subject  to  the
satisfaction  of  certain  financial  conditions.  The  Company's
leverage   could  have  important  consequences,  including   the
following: (i) the ability to obtain additional financing may  be
limited;  (ii) the operating flexibility is limited by  covenants
contained  in  the  credit agreements, and (iii)  the  degree  of
leverage  makes  it  more vulnerable to economic  downturns,  may
limit  its  ability  to pursue other business  opportunities  and
reduces  its flexibility. In addition, the Company believes  that
it  has  greater leverage on its balance sheet than many  of  its
competitors.

               Risks Associated with Acquisitions

     The Company maintains its search for acquisitions which will
provide  new product and market opportunities, leverage  existing
assets  and add critical mass. The Company is actively evaluating
various  acquisition possibilities. Based on current  acquisition
prices   in  the  pharmaceutical  industry,  acquisitions   could
initially  be  dilutive  to  the  Company's  earnings   and   add
significant  intangible assets and related goodwill  amortization
charges.   The   Company's  acquisition  strategy  will   require
additional  debt  or  equity financing, resulting  in  additional
leverage and dilution of ownership, respectively. There can be no
assurance  that  the  Company's  acquisition  strategy  will   be
successful.

        Foreign Operations; Risk of Currency Fluctuation

      The  Company's  foreign operations are subject  to  various
risks which are not present in domestic operations, including, in
certain    countries,   currency   exchange   fluctuations    and
restrictions, political instability, and uncertainty  as  to  the
enforceability  of,  and  government  control  over,   commercial
rights.

      The  Company's Far East operations, particularly  Indonesia
where  the  Company  has  a  manufacturing  facility,  are  being
affected by the wide currency fluctuations and decreased economic
activity  in the Far East and by the social and political  unrest
in  Indonesia. While the Company's present exposure  to  economic
factors  in  the  Far  East is not material,  the  region  is  an
important area for anticipated future growth.

      Products in many countries recognized to be susceptible  to
significant  foreign currency risk are generally  sold  for  U.S.
dollars which eliminates the direct currency risk but can  create
a   risk   of  collectibility  if  the  local  currency  devalues
significantly.

                  Fluctuating Operating Results

     The Company has experienced in the past, and will experience
in  the future, variations in revenues and net income as a result
of   many   factors,  including  acquisitions,  delays   in   the
introduction  of new products, the level of expenses,  management
actions  and  the  general conditions of the  pharmaceutical  and
animal health industry.

                           Competition

       All   of  the  Company's  businesses  operate  in   highly
competitive  markets  and many of the Company's  competitors  are
substantially  larger and have greater financial,  technical  and
marketing  resources than the Company. As a result,  the  Company
may be at a disadvantage in its ability to develop and market new
products to meet competitive demands.

      The  U.S.  generic pharmaceutical industry has historically
been  characterized by intense competition. As patents and  other
basis for market exclusivity expire, prices typically decline  as
generic competitors enter the marketplace. Normally, there  is  a
further  unit price decline as the number of generic  competitors
increase.  The  timing of these price decreases is  unpredictable
and   can   result  in  a  significantly  curtailed   period   of
profitability  for  a  generic product.  In  addition  brand-name
manufacturers  frequently take actions to prevent  or  discourage
the  use  of generic equivalents through marketing and regulatory
activities and litigation.

      Generic  pharmaceutical market conditions in the U.S.  were
further  exacerbated in the second half of 1996 by a  fundamental
shift  in industry distribution, purchasing and stocking patterns
resulting from increased importance of sales to major wholesalers
and  a  concurrent  reduction in sales to private  label  generic
distributors. The Company believes that this trend  continues  to
date.  Wholesaler  programs generally  require  lower  prices  on
products sold, lower inventory levels kept at the wholesaler  and
fewer   manufacturers  selected  to  provide  products   to   the
wholesaler's own marketing programs.

      The  factors which have adversely affected the U.S. generic
pharmaceutical  industry  may also affect  some  or  all  of  the
markets   in  which  the  International  Pharmaceutical  Division
operates.  In  addition,  in Europe the Company  is  encountering
price  pressure from parallel imports (i.e., imports of identical
products from lower priced markets under EU laws of free movement
of  goods)  and general governmental initiatives to  reduce  drug
prices. Parallel imports could lead to lower volume growth.  Both
parallel  imports and governmental cost containment could  create
downward  pressure on prices in certain product and  geographical
market areas including the Nordic countries where the Company has
significant sales.

     The Company has been and will continue to be affected by the
competitive  and  changing nature of this industry.  Accordingly,
because of competition, the significance of relatively few  major
customers  (e.g., large wholesalers and chain stores), a  rapidly
changing  market  and  uncertainty  of  timing  of  new   product
approvals, the sales volume, prices and profits of the  Company's
U.S.  and International Pharmaceutical Divisions and its  generic
competitors are subject to unforeseen fluctuation.
                                
                                
Dependence on Single Sources of Raw Material Supply and Contract
                          Manufacturers

      Raw  materials  and certain products are currently  sourced
from  single domestic or foreign suppliers. Although the  Company
has not experienced difficulty to date, there can be no assurance
that  supply interruptions will not occur in the future  or  that
the  Company  will  not  have to obtain substitute  materials  or
products,  which  would require additional regulatory  approvals.
Further, there can be no assurance that third parties that supply
the  Company will continue to do so. Any interruption  of  supply
could have a material adverse effect on the Company.

           Third Party Reimbursement Pricing Pressures

      The  Company's commercial success with respect  to  generic
products  will depend, in part, on the availability  of  adequate
reimbursement  from  third-party  health  care  payers,  such  as
government   and  private  health  insurers  and   managed   care
organizations.  Third-party payers are  increasingly  challenging
the  pricing of medical products and services. There  can  be  no
assurance  that  reimbursement will be available  to  enable  the
Company  to  maintain  its  present  product  price  levels.   In
addition, the market for the Company's products may be limited by
actions  of third-party payers. For example, many managed  health
care   organizations  are  now  controlling  the   pharmaceutical
products   which   will  be  approved  for   reimbursement.   The
competition  to  place   products on  these  approved  lists  has
created  a  trend of downward pricing pressure in  the  industry.
There  can  be no assurance that the Company's products  will  be
included  on the approved lists of managed care organizations  or
that  downward  pricing pressures in the industry generally  will
not negatively impact the Company's business.

            Potential Liability for Current Products

      Continuing  studies of the proper utilization, safety,  and
efficacy  of  pharmaceuticals and other health care products  are
being  conducted by the industry, government agencies and others.
Such studies, which increasingly employ sophisticated methods and
techniques,  can call into question the utilization,  safety  and
efficacy  of  previously marketed products. In some  cases  these
studies have resulted in the removal of products from the  market
and  have  given rise to claims for damages from previous  users.
The Company's business could be materially adversely affected  by
the assertion of such product liability claims.

  Relationship of the Company and A.L. Industrier; Controlling
               Stockholder; Conflicts of Interest

      A.L. Industrier, ("Industrier") as the beneficial owner  of
100% of the outstanding shares of the Class B Stock, is presently
entitled  to  elect two-thirds of the members  of  the  Company's
Board  of  Directors  and to cast more  than  50%  of  the  votes
generally  entitled  to  be  cast on  matters  presented  to  the
Company's stockholders. Secondly, Industrier controls the Company
and  its  policies.  Mr. Sissener, Chairman and  Chief  Executive
Officer  of  the  Company,  controls a majority  of  Industrier's
outstanding   shares  and  thus  may  be  deemed   the   indirect
controlling stockholder of the Company. Industrier's ownership of
the Class B Stock has the effect of preventing hostile takeovers,
including  transactions  in  which stockholders  might  otherwise
receive  a  premium for their shares over current market  prices.
Industrier  also  beneficially owns a  convertible  note  of  the
Company  in  the  principal amount of $67.9  million,  which  may
convert upon the occurrence of certain events after April 6, 2001
into 2,373,896 shares of Class B Stock. In addition, Mr. Sissener
and his family hold 346,668 shares of Class A Common Stock.

      E.W. Sissener, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of  the
Company,  is also Chairman of Industrier and controls Industrier.
Gert  Munthe,  President  and  Chief  Operating  Officer  of  the
Company,  is a director of Industrier. The Company and Industrier
engage  in  various transactions from time to time, and conflicts
of  interest  are  present with respect  to  the  terms  of  such
transactions. The Company believes that contractual  arrangements
with  Industrier are no less favorable to the Company than  other
third  party  contracts that are negotiated on  an  arm's  length
basis.  All  contractual  arrangements between  the  Company  and
Industrier  are subject to approval by, or ratification  of,  the
Audit  Committee  of  the  Board  of  Directors  of  the  Company
consisting of directors who are unaffiliated with Industrier.

                            Year 2000

     See previous section included in Item 7.


Item 8.   Financial Statements and Supplementary Data

      See page F-1 of this Report, which includes an index to the
consolidated   financial  statements  and   financial   statement
schedule.

Item 9.   Changes  in  and  Disagreements  With  Accountants   on
          Accounting and Financial Disclosure

     Not applicable.


                            PART III

Item 10.  Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant

      The  information as to the Directors of the Registrant  set
forth  under the sub-caption "Board of Directors" appearing under
the  caption  "Election  of Directors"  of  the  Proxy  Statement
relating  to  the Annual Meeting of Shareholders to  be  held  on
June 10, 1999, which Proxy Statement will be filed on or prior to
April  15,  1999, is incorporated by reference into this  Report.
The information as to the Executive Officers of the Registrant is
included  in  Part I hereof under the caption Item 1A  "Executive
Officers  of the Registrant" in reliance upon General Instruction
G  to Form 10-K and Instruction 3 to Item 401(b) of Regulation S-
K.


Item 11.  Executive Compensation

      The  information  to  be  set forth  under  the  subcaption
"Directors'  Fees  and Related Information" appearing  under  the
caption  "Board of Directors" of the Proxy Statement relating  to
the  Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held on June 10,  1999,
which  Proxy  Statement will be filed on or prior  to  April  15,
1999,  and the information set forth under the caption "Executive
Compensation   and   Benefits"  in  such   Proxy   Statement   is
incorporated into this Report by reference.

Item  12.   Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial  Owners  and
Management

      The information to be set forth under the caption "Security
Ownership  of  Certain Beneficial Owners" of the Proxy  Statement
relating  to  the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected  to  be
held  on  June  10,  1999, is incorporated into  this  Report  by
reference.   Such Proxy Statement will be filed on  or  prior  to
April 15, 1999.

      There  are  no  arrangements known to the  Registrant,  the
operation of which may at a subsequent date result in a change in
control of the Registrant.

Item 13.  Certain Relationships and Related Transactions

      The  information to be set forth under the caption "Certain
Related  Transactions and Relationships" of the  Proxy  Statement
relating  to  the Annual Meeting of Stockholders expected  to  be
held  on  June  10,  1999, is incorporated into  this  Report  by
reference.   Such Proxy Statement will be filed on  or  prior  to
April 15, 1999.

                            PART IV

Item 14.  Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules and Reports  on
Form 8-K

List of Financial Statements

      See  page  F-1 of this Report, which includes an  index  to
consolidated   financial  statements  and   financial   statement
schedule.


List  of  Exhibits   (numbered in accordance  with  Item  601  of
Regulation S-K)

      3.1A   Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of
the  Company,  dated  September  30,  1994  and  filed  with  the
Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on October  3,  1994,
was  filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report  on
Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference.

      3.1B    Certificate  of  Amendment of  the  Certificate  of
Incorporation of the Company dated September 15, 1995  and  filed
with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 15, 1995 was
filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Amendment No. 1 to Form S-3
dated  September 21, 1995 (Registration on No. 33-60029)  and  is
incorporated by reference.

       3.2     Amended  and  Restated  By-Laws  of  the  Company,
effective as of October 3, 1994, were filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the
Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated  by
reference.

      4.1     Reference is made to Article Fourth of the  Amended
and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company which is
referenced as Exhibit 3.1 to this Report.

      4.2     Warrant Agreement between the Company and The First
National  Bank  of  Boston, as warrant agent,  was  filed  as  an
Exhibit 4.2 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K  and
is incorporated by reference.

        10.1     $185,000,000   Credit   Agreement   among   A.L.
Laboratories, Inc.,(now known as Alpharma U.S. Inc.) as Borrower,
Union Bank of Norway, as agent and arranger, and Den norske  Bank
AS,  as  co-arranger,  dated September 28,  1994,  was  filed  as
Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K and
is incorporated by reference.

      10.1A  Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated February 26,
1997  between the Company and the Union Bank of Norway, as  agent
was filed as Exhibit 10.1A to the Company's 1996 Annual Report on
Form 10K and is incorporated by reference.

      10.1B   Amendment to the Credit Agreement dated  April  10,
1997  between the Company and Union Bank of Norway, as agent  was
filed  as  Exhibit 10.a to the Company's March 31, 1997 quarterly
report on Form 10Q and is incorporated by reference.

      10.2    $300,000,000 Credit Agreement among  Alpharma  U.S.
Inc.  as  Borrower, Union Bank of Norway, as agent and  arranger,
and  Den norske Bank AS, as co-arranger, dated January 20,  1999,
is filed as an Exhibit to this report.

      10.3    Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 25, 1998,  by
and  among  the  Company,  SBC Warburg Dillion  Read  Inc.,  CIBC
Oppenheimer Corp. and Cowen  Company was filed as Exhibit 1.1  of
the  Company's  Form  8-K, dated as of  March  30,  1998  and  is
incorporated by reference.

      10.4    Indenture, dated as of March 30, 1998, by amd among
the  Company  and  First Union National Bank,  as  trustee,  with
respect  to the 5 _% Convertible Subordinated Notes due 2005  was
filed  as Exhibit 4.1 of the Company's Form 8-K dated as of March
30, 1998 and is incorporated by reference.

      10.5    Note  Purchase Agreement dated March  5,  1998  and
Amendment  No. 1 thereto dated March 25, 1998 by and between  the
Company and A.L. Industrier A.S. was filed as Exhibit 1.2 of  the
Company's Form 8-K dated as of March 30, 1998 and is incorporated
by reference.

      Copies of debt instruments (other than those listed  above)
for  which  the related debt does not exceed 10% of  consolidated
total  assets  as of December 31, 1997 will be furnished  to  the
Commission upon request.

      10.6    Parent Guaranty, made by the Company  in  favor  of
Union Bank of Norway, as agent and arranger, and Den norske  Bank
AS, as co-arranger, dated September 28, 1994 was filed as Exhibit
10.2  to  the  Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K  and  is
incorporated by reference.

      10.7    Parent Guaranty, made by the Company  in  favor  of
Union Bank of Norway, as agent and arranger, and Den norske  Bank
AS, as co-arranger, dated January 20, 1999 is filed as an Exhibit
to this report.

      10.8    Restructuring Agreement, dated as of May 16,  1994,
between the Company and Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S (now  known
as  A.L.  Industrier AS) was filed as Exhibit A to the Definitive
Proxy  Statement dated August 22, 1994 and is incorporated herein
by reference.

      10.9    Employment  Agreement dated  January  1,  1987,  as
amended  December 12, 1989, between I. Roy Cohen and the  Company
and  A.L.  Laboratories, Inc. was filed as Exhibit  10.3  to  the
Company's  1989  Annual Report on Form 10-K and  is  incorporated
herein by reference.

      10.10   Control  Agreement dated February 7,  1986  between
Apothekernes  Laboratorium A.S (now known as A.L. Industrier  AS)
and  the Company was filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's 1985
Annual  Report  on  Form  10-K  and  is  incorporated  herein  by
reference.

      10.11  Amendment to Control Agreement dated October 3, 1994
between  A.L.  Industrier  AS  (formerly  known  as  Apothekernes
Laboratorium  A.S) and the Company was filed as Exhibit  10.6  to
the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated
by reference.

      10.12   Amendment to Control Agreement dated  December  19,
1996  between  A.L. Industrier AS and the Company  was  filed  as
Exhibit  10.6A to the Company's 1996 Annual Report on  Form  10-K
and is incorporated by reference.

      10.13   The  Company's  1997  Incentive  Stock  Option  and
Appreciation  Right Plan, as amended was filed as an  Exhibit  to
the  Company's  1996  Proxy  Statement  and  is  incorporated  by
reference.

      10.14  Employment agreement dated July 30, 1991 between the
Company  and  Jeffrey E. Smith was filed as Exhibit 10.8  to  the
Company's 1991 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated  by
reference.

      10.15   Employment agreement between the Company and Thomas
Anderson dated January 13, 1997 was filed as Exhibit 10.9 to  the
Company's 1996 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated  by
reference.

     10.16  Employment Agreement between the Company and Bruce I.
Andrews  dated  April 7, 1997 was filed as Exhibit  10.b  to  the
Company's  March 31, 1997 quarterly report on Form  10-Q  and  is
incorporated by reference.

      10.17   Lease  Agreement  between A.L.  Industrier  AS,  as
landlord, and Alpharma AS, as tenant, dated October 3,  1994  was
filed  as  Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's 1994 Annual  Report  on
Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference.

       10.18   Administrative  Services  Agreement  between  A.L.
Industrier AS and Alpharma AS dated October 3, 1994 was filed  as
Exhibit  10.11 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on  Form  10-K
and is incorporated by reference.

     10.19  Employment agreement dated March 14, 1996 between the
Company and Einar W. Sissener was filed as Exhibit 10.13  to  the
Company's 1995 Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated  by
reference.

      10.20   Employment contract dated October 5,  1989  between
Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S (transferred to Alpharma  Oslo  per
the combination transaction) and Ingrid Wiik was filed as Exhibit
10.13  to  the Company's 1994 Annual Report on Form 10-K  and  is
incorporated by reference.

      10.21   Employment contract dated October 5,  1989  between
Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S (transferred to Alpharma  Oslo  per
the  combination transaction) and Thor Kristiansen was  filed  as
Exhibit  10.14 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on  Form  10-K
and is incorporated by reference.

      10.22   Employment contract dated October 2,  1991  between
Apothekernes Laboratorium A.S (transferred to Alpharma  Oslo  per
the  combination  transaction) and  Knut  Moksnes  was  filed  as
Exhibit  10.15 to the Company's 1994 Annual Report on  Form  10-K
and is incorporated by reference.

      10.23  Agreement dated April 28, 1997 between D.E.Cohen and
the  Company  was  filed as Exhibit 10.17 to the  Company's  1997
Annual Report on Form 10-K and is incorporated by reference.

      10.24   Stock  Subscription and  Purchase  Agreement  dated
February  10,  1997 between the Company and A.L.  Industrier  was
filed as Exhibit 10 on Form 8-K filed on February 19, 1997 and is
incorporated herein by reference.

      10.24a  Amendment No. 1 to Stock Subscription and  Purchase
Agreement  dated  June  26, 1997, between the  Company  and  A.L.
Industrier AS was filed as an Exhibit to the Company's  Form  8-K
dated June 27, 1997 and is incorporated herein by reference.

     10.25  Employment Agreement dated March 13, 1998 between the
Company  and  Gert  W. Munthe was filed as  Exhibit  10a  to  the
Company's  March 31, 1998 Quarterly Report on Form  10-Q  and  is
incorporated by reference.

     10.26  Master Agreement dated as of February 16, 1999 by and
among Ascent, USPD and the Company and was filed as Exhibit  99.1
of  the  Company's  Form  8-K dated  February  23,  1999  and  is
incorporated by reference.

     10.26a Depositary Agreement dated as of February 16, 1999 by
and  among  Ascent, USPD the Company and State  Street  Bank  and
Trust Company was filed as Exhibit 99.2 of the Company's Form 8-K
dated February 23, 1999 and is incorporated by reference.

      10.26b Loan Agreement dated as of February 16, 1999 by  and
among  Ascent, USPD and the Company was filed as Exhibit 99.3  of
the   Company's  Form  8-K  dated  February  23,  1999   and   is
incorporated by reference.

      10.26c Guaranty Agreement dated as of February 16, 1999  by
and  between Ascent and the Company was filed as Exhibit 99.4  of
the   Company's  Form  8-K  dated  February  23,  1999   and   is
incorporated by reference.

      10.26d  Registration Rights Agreement dated as of  February
16, 1999 by and between Ascent and USPD was filed as Exhibit 99.5
of  the  Company's  Form  8-K dated  February  23,  1999  and  is
incorporated by reference.

     10.26e Subordination Agreement dated as of February 16, 1999
by  and  among Ascent, USPD and the purchasers named therein  was
filed  as  Exhibit 99.6 of the Company's Form 8-K dated  February
23, 1999 and is incorporated by reference.

      10.27   Agreement for the sale and purchase of  the  issued
share  capital of Cox Investments Limited, dated April  30,  1998
between  Hoechst AG, Alpharma (U.K.) Limited, and  Alpharma  Inc.
was  filed as Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Form 8-K, dated as  of
May 7, 1998 and is incorporated by reference.

      21      A list of the subsidiaries of the Registrant as  of
March 1, 1999 is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

     23     Consent of PricewaterhouseCoopers L.L.P., Independent
Accountants, is filed as an Exhibit to this Report.

     27     Financial Data Schedule


Report on Form 8-K

      On February 23, 1999 the Company filed a report on Form 8-K
dated  February  16, 1999 reporting Item 5, "Other  Events".  The
event  reported  was  a loan agreement between  the  Company  and
Ascent Pediatrics, Inc.

Undertakings

      For  purposes of complying with the amendments to the rules
governing  Registration Statements under the  Securities  Act  of
1933,  the  undersigned Registrant hereby undertakes as  follows,
which  undertaking  shall  be  incorporated  by  reference   into
Registrant's  Registration Statements on Form S-8 (No.  33-60495,
effective  July 13, 1990) and Form S-3 (File Nos.  333-57501  and
333-70229):

     Insofar as indemnification for liabilities arising under the
Securities  Act  of 1933 may be permitted to directors,  officers
and  controlling  persons  of  the  Registrant  pursuant  to  the
foregoing  provisions,  or otherwise,  the  Registrant  has  been
advised  that  in  the  opinion of the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission  such  indemnification is  against  public  policy  as
expressed  in  the  Securities Act of  1933  and  is,  therefore,
unenforceable.   In  the event that a claim  for  indemnification
against  such  liabilities  (other  than  the  payment   by   the
Registrant of expenses incurred or paid by a director, officer or
controlling person of the Registrant in the successful defense of
any  action,  suit or proceeding) is asserted by  such  director,
officer  or  controlling person in connection with the securities
being  registered, the Registrant will, unless in the opinion  of
its counsel the matter has been settled by controlling precedent,
submit  to  a  court  of  appropriate jurisdiction  the  question
whether  such indemnification by it is against public  policy  as
expressed  in  the  Act  and  will  be  governed  by  the   final
adjudication of such issue.

                           SIGNATURES

      Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities and
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be
signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized.

March 25, 1999                ALPHARMA INC.
                              Registrant


                              By: /s/ Einar W. Sissener
                                  Einar W. Sissener
                                  Chairman, Director and
Chief Executive Officer

     Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of
1934,  this  Report has been signed below by the following persons  on
behalf  of  the  Registrant and in the capacities  and  on  the  dates
indicated.


Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Einar W. Sissener
                              Einar W. Sissener
                                   Chairman, Director and
                                   Chief Executive Officer



Date:       March 25, 1999              /s/ Gert W. Munthe
                                   Gert W. Munthe
                                   Director, President and
                                   Chief Operating Officer



Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Jeffrey E. Smith
                                   Jeffrey E. Smith
                                     Vice   President,   Finance   and
Chief Financial Officer
                                   (Principal accounting officer)




Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ I. Roy Cohen
                                   I. Roy Cohen
                                   Director and Chairman of the
                                   Executive Committee




Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Thomas G. Gibian
                                   Thomas G. Gibian
                                   Director and Chairman of the
                                   Audit Committee



Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Glen E. Hess
                                   Glen E. Hess
                                   Director



Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Peter G. Tombros
                                   Peter G. Tombros
                                   Director and Chairman
                              of the Compensation Committee




Date:  March 25, 1999              /s/ Erik G. Tandberg
                                   Erik G. Tandberg
                                   Director



Date:       March 25, 1999              /s/Oyvin Broymer
                                  Oyvin Broymer
                                   Director



Date:       March 25, 1999              /s/ Erik Hornnaess
                                   Erik Hornnaess
                                   Director


   INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SCHEDULES

                         ______________




                                                       Page

Consolidated Financial Statements:

  Report of Independent Accountants                         F-2

  Consolidated Balance Sheet at
     December 31, 1998 and 1997                        F-3

  Consolidated Statement of Operations for
     the years ended December 31, 1998,
     1997 and 1996                                     F-4

  Consolidated Statement of Stockholders'
     Equity for the years ended
     December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996                F-5 to F-6

  Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows
     for the years ended December 31, 1998,
     1997 and 1996                                   F-7 to F-8

  Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements         F-9 to F-42

Financial  statement schedules are omitted for  the  reason  that
they  are  not applicable or the required information is included
in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto.
               REPORT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS







To the Stockholders and
 Board of Directors of
 Alpharma Inc.:


In   our   opinion,   the  accompanying  consolidated   financial
statements  listed  in the index on page F-1 of  this  Form  10-K
present  fairly,  in  all  material  respects,  the  consolidated
financial  position  of  Alpharma  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries   (the
"Company")  as of December 31, 1998 and 1997 and the consolidated
results of their operations and their cash flows for each of  the
three  years in the period ended December 31, 1998, in conformity
with  generally  accepted accounting principles. These  financial
statements  are  the responsibility of the Company's  management;
our  responsibility is to express an opinion on  these  financial
statements based on our audits. We conducted our audits of  these
statements   in  accordance  with  generally  accepted   auditing
standards  which require that we plan and perform  the  audit  to
obtain   reasonable   assurance  about  whether   the   financial
statements  are free of material misstatement. An audit  includes
examining,  on a test basis, evidence supporting the amounts  and
disclosures in the financial statements, assessing the accounting
principles used and significant estimates made by management, and
evaluating  the  overall  financial  statement  presentation.  We
believe  that  our  audits  provide a reasonable  basis  for  the
opinion expressed above.





PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
Florham Park, New Jersey
February 24, 1999

                 ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                   CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEET
                (In thousands, except share data)

                                                December 31,
                                            1998         1997
ASSETS
Current assets:
 Cash and cash equivalents              $ 14,414      $ 10,997
 Accounts receivable, net                169,744       127,637
 Inventories                             138,318       121,451
 Prepaid expenses and other
  current assets                          13,008        13,592

     Total current assets                335,484       273,677

Property, plant and equipment, net       244,132       199,560
Intangible assets, net                   315,709       149,816
Other assets and deferred charges         13,611         8,813

       Total assets                     $908,936      $631,866

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
Current liabilities:
 Current portion of long-term debt       $ 12,053     $ 10,872
 Short-term debt                          41,921        39,066
 Accounts payable                         41,083        27,659
 Accrued expenses                         64,596        51,139
 Accrued and deferred income taxes         10,784        5,190

     Total current liabilities           170,437       133,926

Long-term debt:
 Senior                                  236,184       223,975
 Convertible subordinated notes,
   including $67,850 to related party    192,850           -
Deferred income taxes                     31,846        26,360
Other non-current liabilities             10,340         9,132

Stockholders' equity:
 Preferred stock, $1 par value,
   no shares issued                          -             -
 Class A Common Stock, $.20
   par value, 17,755,249 and
   16,118,606 shares issued                3,551         3,224
 Class B Common Stock, $.20 par value,
  9,500,000 shares issued                  1,900         1,900
 Additional paid-in capital              219,306       179,636
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss    (7,943)       (8,375)
 Retained earnings                        56,649        68,206
 Treasury stock, at cost                 (6,184)       (6,118)

     Total stockholders' equity          267,279       238,473
      Total liabilities and
stockholders' equity                    $908,936      $631,866

         See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                 ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS
              (In thousands, except per share data)

                                      Years Ended December 31,
                                     1998     1997       1996

Total revenue                     $604,584  $500,288   $486,184
  Cost of sales                    351,324   289,235    297,128

Gross profit                       253,260   211,053    189,056
  Selling, general and
    administrative expenses        188,264   164,155    185,136

Operating income                    64,996    46,898      3,920
  Interest expense                (25,613)  (18,581)   (19,976)
  Other income (expense), net        (400)     (567)      (170)

Income (loss) before
  income taxes                      38,983    27,750   (16,226)
     Provision (benefit) for
      income taxes                  14,772    10,342     (4,765)

Net income (loss)                  $24,211  $ 17,408  $(11,461)

Earnings (loss) per common share:
   Basic                          $   .95  $    .77  $   (.53)
Diluted                           $   .92  $    .76  $   (.53)

         See notes to consolidated financial statements.

                         ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
                 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY
                                 (In thousands)
<TABLE>
<CAPTION>
                                                  Accumulated                            
                                                     Other                             Total
                                      Additional  Comprehen-                          Stock-
                             Common    Paid-In    sive Income  Retained   Treasury    holders
                             Stock     Capital      (Loss)     Earnings    Stock      Equity

<S>                         <C>       <C>         <C>          <C>       <C>         <C>                      
Balance, December 31, 1995  $4,386    $120,357    $15,884      $70,385   $(5,822)    $205,190
Comprehensive                                                                        
income(loss):
Net loss - 1996                                                (11,461)              (11,461)
Currency translation                                                                 
 adjustment                                       (5,393)                             (5,393)
 Total comprehensive loss                                                            (16,854)
Dividends declared                                                                   
 ($.18 per common share)                                       (3,928)               (3,928)
Tax benefit realized from                                                            
 stock option plan                        202                                            202
Purchase of treasury stock                                                 (283)       (283)
Exercise of stock options                                                            
 (Class A) and other            13        862                                            875
Employee stock purchase                                                              
 plan                            9        831                                            840
Balance, December 31, 1996  $4,408    $122,252    $10,491      $54,996   $(6,105)    $186,042
Comprehensive                                                                        
income(loss):
Net income - 1997                                              17,408                 17,408
Currency translation                                                                 
 adjustment                                       (18,866)                           (18,866)
 Total comprehensive loss                                                             (1,458)
Dividends declared                                                                   
 ($.18 per common share)                                       (4,198)               (4,198)
Tax benefit realized from                                                            
 stock option plan                        228                                            228
Purchase of treasury stock                                                  (13)        (13)
Exercise of stock options                                                            
 (Class A) and other            14        794                                            808
Exercise of stock rights                                                             
 (Class A)                     440     35,538                                         35,978
Stock subscription by                                                                
 A.L. Industrier (Class B)     254     20,125                                         20,379
Employee stock purchase                                                              
 plan                            8        699                                            707
Balance, December 31, 1997  $5,124    $179,636    $(8,375)     $68,206   $(6,118)    $238,473
Comprehensive                                                                        
income(loss):
Net income - 1998                                              24,211                 24,211
Currency translation                                                                 
 adjustment                                           432                                432
 Total comprehensive                                                                 
  income                                                                              24,643
Dividends declared                                                                   
 ($.18 per common share)                                       (4,651)               (4,651)
Tax benefit realized from                                                            
 stock option plan                      1,415                                          1,415
Purchase of treasury stock                                                  (66)        (66)
Exercise of stock options                                                            
 (Class A) and other            68      5,687                                          5,755
Exercise of warrants            48      4,910                                          4,958
Stock subscription                                                                   
 receivable for warrant                                                              
 exercises                    (47)    (4,869)                                        (4,916)
Stock issued in tender                                                               
 offer for warrants            246     30,871                  (31,117)              
Employee stock purchase                                                              
 plan                           12      1,656                                          1,668
Balance, December 31, 1998  $5,451    $219,306    $(7,943)     $56,649   $(6,184)    $267,279
                       See notes to consolidated financial statements.
</TABLE>
                 ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
              CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS
                    (In thousands of dollars)

                                                  Years     Ended
December 31,
                                             1998      1997       1996
Operating activities:
  Net income (loss)                       $24,211    $17,408  $(11,461)
  Adjustments to reconcile net income
    (loss) to net cash provided by
    operating activities:
  Depreciation and amortization            38,120     30,908     31,503
  Deferred income taxes                       493    (1,101)    (3,104)
  Noncurrent asset write-offs                 -          -        5,753
  Purchased in-process research and
    development                             2,081        -          -
  Change in assets and liabilities, net
    of effects from business
    acquisitions:
      (Increase) decrease in accounts
        receivable                       (22,487)   (13,029)      9,204
      Decrease (increase) in inventory      3,212    (2,121)    (5,876)
    (Increase) in prepaid expenses
        and other current assets            (686)    (1,013)      (595)
    Increase(decrease) in accounts
        payable and accrued expenses        8,189    (4,782)      3,346
    Increase (decrease) in accrued
        income taxes                        3,641      4,077    (4,523)
      Other, net                            (119)        616        574
     Net cash provided by operating
       activities                          56,655     30,963     24,821

Investing activities:

  Capital expenditures                   (31,378)   (27,783)   (30,874)
  Purchase of Cox, net of cash acquired (197,354)        -          -
  Purchase of other businesses
     and intangibles, net of cash
     acquired                            (23,315)   (44,029)        -
  Other                                     -           -         (348)

      Net cash used in investing
        activities                      (252,047)   (71,812)   (31,222)
                                
                     Continued on next page.
         See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                 ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
        CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED)
                    (In thousands of dollars)



                                                  Years     Ended
December 31,
                                             1998       1997      1996
Financing activities:

  Net advances (repayments)
    under lines of credit                 $ 2,542  $(19,389)   $  (630)
  Proceeds of senior long-term debt       187,522     27,506     24,213
  Reduction of senior long-term debt    (183,751)   (25,366)   (17,137)
  Dividends paid                          (4,651)    (4,198)    (3,928)
  Proceeds from sale of convertible
    subordinated notes                    192,850        -            -
  Proceeds from exercise of stock
    rights                                    -       56,357          -
  Payment for debt issuance costs         (4,175)        -            -
  Proceeds from employee stock option
    and stock purchase plan                 7,427      1,515      1,715
  Other, net                                1,387        214       (82)
      Net cash provided by
        financing activities              199,151     36,639      4,151

Exchange rate changes:

  Effect of exchange rate changes
    on cash                                   397    (1,606)      (627)
  Income tax effect of exchange rate
    changes on intercompany advances        (739)        869        470
      Net cash flows from exchange
       rate changes                         (342)      (737)      (157)
Increase (decrease) in cash and cash
  equivalents                               3,417    (4,947)    (2,407)
Cash and cash equivalents at
  beginning of year                        10,997     15,944     18,351
Cash and cash equivalents at
  end of year                             $14,414    $10,997    $15,944



         See notes to consolidated financial statements.
                 ALPHARMA INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES
           NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS
                (In thousands, except share data)


1.   The Company:
     
      Alpharma  Inc.  and  Subsidiaries,  (the  "Company")  is  a
multinational    pharmaceutical    company    which     develops,
manufactures and markets specialty generic and proprietary  human
pharmaceutical and animal health products.

     In 1994 the Company acquired the pharmaceutical, animal
health, bulk antibiotic and aquatic animal health business
("Alpharma Oslo") of A.L. Industrier A.S ("A.L. Industrier"), the
beneficial owner of 100% of the outstanding shares of the
Company's Class B Stock. The Class B stock represents 35.2% of
the total outstanding common stock. A.L. Industrier, a Norwegian
company, is able to control the Company through its ability to
elect more than a majority of the Board of Directors and to cast
a majority of the votes in any vote of the Company's
stockholders. (See Note 16.)

     Upon  consummation of the acquisition of Alpharma Oslo,  the
Company  was  reorganized  on a global  basis  within  its  Human
Pharmaceutical   and   Animal   Health   businesses   into   five
decentralized  divisions  each  of  which  has  a  president  and
operates in a distinct business and/or geographic area.
     
      Divisions in the Human Pharmaceutical business include: the
U.S.   Pharmaceuticals  Division  ("USPD"),   the   International
Pharmaceuticals Division ("IPD") and the Fine Chemicals  Division
("FCD").  The  USPD's principal products are generic  liquid  and
topical    pharmaceuticals   sold   primarily   to   wholesalers,
distributors  and  merchandising  chains.  The  IPD's   principal
products  are  dosage  form  pharmaceuticals  sold  primarily  in
Scandinavia,  the United Kingdom and western Europe  as  well  as
Indonesia  and  certain  middle  eastern  countries.  The   FCD's
principal  products are bulk pharmaceutical antibiotics  sold  to
the pharmaceutical industry in the U.S. and worldwide for use  as
active substances in a number of finished pharmaceuticals.

      Divisions in the Animal Health business include: the Animal
Health  Division  ("AHD") and the Aquatic Animal Health  Division
("AAHD").  The  AHD's principal products are  feed  additive  and
other  animal  health products for animals raised for  commercial
food  production (principally poultry, cattle and swine)  in  the
U.S.  and  worldwide. The AAHD manufactures and markets  vaccines
primarily for use in immunizing farmed fish (principally  salmon)
worldwide  with  a  concentration in Norway.  (See  Note  20  for
segment and geographic information.)


2.   Summary of Significant Accounting Policies:

Principles of consolidation:

      The  consolidated financial statements include the accounts
of  the  Company and its domestic and foreign subsidiaries.   The
effects  of all significant intercompany transactions  have  been
eliminated.

Use of estimates:

      The  preparation of financial statements in conformity with
generally  accepted accounting principles requires management  to
make  estimates  and assumptions. The estimates  and  assumptions
affect  the  reported  amounts  of assets  and  liabilities,  the
disclosure  of contingent assets and liabilities at the  date  of
the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and
expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ
from those estimates.

Cash equivalents:

      Cash equivalents include all highly liquid investments that
have an original maturity of three months or less.

Inventories:

      Inventories are valued at the lower of cost or market.  The
last-in, first-out (LIFO) method is principally used to determine
the  cost  of the USPD manufacturing subsidiary inventories.  The
first-in, first-out (FIFO) and average cost methods are  used  to
value remaining inventories.

Property, plant and equipment:

       Property,  plant  and  equipment  are  recorded  at  cost.
Expenditures  for additions, major renewals and  betterments  are
capitalized  and  expenditures for maintenance  and  repairs  are
charged  to income as incurred.  When assets are sold or retired,
their cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed  from
the accounts, with any gain or loss included in net income.

      Interest is capitalized as part of the acquisition cost  of
major construction projects.  In 1998, 1997 and 1996, $744,  $407
and $572 of interest cost was capitalized, respectively.

      Depreciation is computed by the straight-line  method  over
the estimated useful lives which are generally as follows:

          Buildings                 30-40 years
          Building improvements     10-30 years
          Machinery and equipment    2-20 years

Intangible assets:

      Intangible assets represent the excess of cost of  acquired
businesses  over  the underlying fair value of the  tangible  net
assets  acquired  and  the  cost of technology,  trademarks,  New
Animal Drug Applications ("NADAs"), and other non-tangible assets
acquired  in  product  line acquisitions. Intangible  assets  are
amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated period of
benefit.  The  following table is net of accumulated amortization
of   $63,014  and  $50,514  at  December  31,  1998   and   1997,
respectively.

                                   1998      1997     Life
Excess of cost of acquired
businesses over the fair value
of the net assets acquired       $247,869   $92,228    20 - 40

Technology, trademarks, NADAs
and   other                       67,840     57,588     6 - 20

                                 $315,709  $149,816

Foreign currency translation and transactions:

       The  assets  and  liabilities  of  the  Company's  foreign
subsidiaries  are  translated  from their  respective  functional
currencies  into U.S. Dollars at rates in effect at  the  balance
sheet  date.  Results of operations are translated using  average
rates  in  effect during the year.  Foreign currency  transaction
gains  and  losses  are  included in  income.   Foreign  currency
translation   adjustments  are  included  in  accumulated   other
comprehensive   income   (loss)  as  a  separate   component   of
stockholders'   equity.    The   foreign   currency   translation
adjustment  for 1998, 1997 and 1996 is net of $(739),  $869,  and
$470,   respectively,  representing  the  foreign   tax   effects
associated with intercompany advances to foreign subsidiaries.

Foreign exchange contracts:

       The  Company  selectively  enters  into  foreign  exchange
contracts  to  buy and sell certain cash flows in  non-functional
currencies  and to hedge certain firm commitments due in  foreign
currencies. Foreign exchange contracts, other than hedges of firm
commitments,  are accounted for as foreign currency  transactions
and  gains  or  losses are included in income. Gains  and  losses
related  to hedges of firm commitments are deferred and  included
in the basis of the transaction when it is completed.

Interest rate transactions:

     The Company selectively enters into interest rate agreements
which  fix the interest rate to be paid for specified periods  on
variable rate long-term debt.  The effect of these agreements  is
recognized  over the life of the agreements as an  adjustment  to
interest expense.

Income taxes:

      The provision for income taxes includes federal, state  and
foreign income taxes currently payable and those deferred because
of  temporary differences in the basis of assets and  liabilities
between   amounts  recorded  for  financial  statement  and   tax
purposes.  Deferred  taxes  are calculated  using  the  liability
method.

       At   December  31,  1998,  the  Company's  share  of   the
undistributed  earnings  of its foreign  subsidiaries  (excluding
cumulative   foreign   currency  translation   adjustments)   was
approximately  $51,000. No provisions are made  for  U.S.  income
taxes  that  would be payable upon the distribution  of  earnings
which  have been reinvested abroad or are expected to be returned
in  tax-free distributions. It is the Company's policy to provide
for U.S. taxes payable with respect to earnings which the Company
plans to repatriate.

Accounting for stock based compensation:

      Effective January 1, 1996, the Company adopted Statement of
Financial Accounting Standards ("SFAS") No. 123, "Accounting  for
Stock-Based Compensation." The standard establishes a fair  value
method  of accounting for or, alternatively, disclosing the  pro-
forma  effect of the fair value method of accounting  for  stock-
based  compensation plans. The Company has adopted the disclosure
alternative.  As a result, the adoption of this standard  had  no
impact  on  the  Company's consolidated  results  of  operations,
financial position or cash flows.

Comprehensive income:
     
     As  of  January 1, 1998, the Company adopted SFAS  No.  130,
"Reporting Comprehensive Income." SFAS 130 established new  rules
which  require  the  reporting of comprehensive  income  and  its
components. The adoption of this statement had no impact  on  the
Company's consolidated results of operations, financial  position
or cash flows.
     
      SFAS  130 requires foreign currency translation adjustments
and  certain  other items, which prior to adoption were  reported
separately  in  stockholders' equity, to  be  included  in  other
comprehensive  income (loss). The only components of  accumulated
other  comprehensive  loss for the Company are  foreign  currency
translation  adjustments. Total comprehensive income  (loss)  for
the  years ended 1998, 1997 and 1996 is included in the Statement
of Stockholders' Equity.

Segment information:

      In  1998, the Company adopted SFAS 131, "Disclosures  about
Segments  of  an  Enterprise and Related Information."  SFAS  131
supersedes  SFAS  14,  "Financial Reporting  for  Segments  of  a
Business  Enterprise," replacing the "industry segment"  approach
with  the "management" approach. The management approach is based
on  the method that management organizes the segments within  the
Company for making operating decisions and assessing performance.
SFAS  131  also requires disclosures about products and services,
geographic areas, and major customers. The adoption of  SFAS  131
did  not  affect results of operations or financial position  but
did affect the disclosure of segment information.

Accounting for pensions and postretirement benefits:

      In  1998,  the  Company adopted SFAS No.  132,  "Employers'
Disclosures  about  Pensions and Other Postretirement  Benefits".
SFAS  132 revises employers' disclosures about pension and  other
postretirement  benefit  plans. Restatement  of  disclosures  for
earlier  periods provided for comparative purposes was  required.
The  adoption  of  SFAS  132  has  no  impact  on  the  Company's
consolidated  results of operations, financial position  or  cash
flows.


Recent accounting pronouncements:
    
In June 1998, the Financial Accounting Standards Board (FASB) issued
SFAS No. 133, "Accounting for Derivative Instruments and Hedging
Activities." SFAS 133 is effective for all fiscal quarters of all
fiscal years beginning after June 15, 1999 (January 1, 2000 for
the Company). SFAS 133 requires that all derivative instruments
be recorded on the balance sheet at their fair value. Changes in
the fair value of derivatives are recorded each period in current
earnings or other comprehensive income, depending on whether a
derivative is designated as part of a hedge transaction and, if
it is, the type of hedge transaction. SFAS 133 is not expected to
have a material impact on the Company's consolidated results of
operations, financial position or cash flows.

3.   Management Actions -  1996

      In  1996,  the IPD took actions designed to strengthen  the
competitive  nature  of the division by lowering  costs.  In  the
first  quarter  of  1996,  IPD severed  approximately  30  sales,
marketing  and  other  personnel based primarily  in  the  Nordic
countries and incurred termination related costs of approximately
$1,900.  The  termination costs are included in selling,  general
and administrative expenses.

      In  May  1996, the Board of Directors approved a production
rationalization plan which included the transfer of  all  tablet,
ointment and liquid production from Copenhagen, Denmark to  Lier,
Norway. The full transfer was completed in late 1998 and resulted
in  the  reduction  of  approximately  175  employees  (primarily
involved in production). The rationalization plan resulted  in  a
charge in the second quarter of 1996 for severance for Copenhagen
employees,  an  impairment write off for  certain  buildings  and
machinery and equipment and other exit costs.

     In addition in May 1996, the Board of Directors approved the
USPD   plan   to  accelerate  a  consolidation  of  manufacturing
operations within the USPD.

     The plan included the discontinuing of all activities in two
USPD manufacturing facilities in New York and New Jersey and  the
transfer of all pharmaceutical production from those sites to the
facility  in  Lincolnton, North Carolina. The plan  provided  for
complete  exit  by  early 1997 and resulted  in  a  reduction  of
approximately  200 employees (i.e. all production, administration
and  support  personnel  at the plants).  The  acceleration  plan
resulted  in a charge in the second quarter of 1996 for severance
of employees, a write-off of leasehold improvements and machinery
and  equipment  and  significant exit costs  including  estimated
remaining  lease costs and refurbishment costs for the facilities
being exited.

      Due  to  the  time necessary to achieve both  transfers  of
production  the  Company, as part of the severance  arrangements,
instituted  stay bonus plans. The overall cost of the stay  bonus
plans  was approximately $1,900, and was accrued over the periods
necessary to achieve shut down and transfer. The stay bonus plans
generally required the employee to remain until their position is
eliminated to earn the payment.

      In  the  second half of 1996 the USPD's Management  Actions
were  adjusted for the sale of the Able tablet business. The sale
of  the  Able tablet business and sub-lease of the Able  facility
(located in New Jersey) resulted in the Company reducing  certain
accruals  which would have been incurred in closing the facility.
The  net reduction of the second quarter charge for the sale  was
$1,400  and  included the net proceeds received on  the  sale  of
approximately  $500.  In  addition  in  1996  certain  staff  and
executives  at  USPD headquarters were terminated (15  employees)
resulting  in  severance of $782. In 1997 the USPD completed  the
transfer  of  production, paid the stay  bonus  as  accrued,  and
severed all identified employees.

      As  a result of difficult market conditions experienced  in
1996,  the  Company's  AHD reviewed its  business  practices  and
staffing   levels.  As  a  result  33  salaried  employees   were
terminated  or elected an early retirement program.  Concurrently
office space was vacated resulting in a charge for the write  off
of   leasehold  improvements  and  lease  payments  required   to
terminate  the lease. In addition, the AHD distribution  business
was reviewed and a number of minor products were discontinued.

      A  summary of 1996 charges and expenses resulting from  the
Management  Actions  which are included in  cost  of  goods  sold
($1,100),  and  selling,  general  and  administrative   expenses
($17,700)follows:

Pre-Tax
Amount       Description
$11,200      Severance and employee termination benefits for  all
             1996  employee  related actions  (approximately  450
             employees  were  to be terminated; at  December  31,
             1998, 446 employees were terminated).

   1,000       Stay  bonus accrued, as earned as of December  31,
               1996.

  4,175      Write  off  of building, leasehold improvements  and
             machinery  and equipment. (Net of sales proceeds  of
             approximately $500 in the third quarter of 1996.)

    550      Accrual  of the non cancelable term of the operating
             leases  and estimated refurbishment costs for exited
             USPD facilities.

  1,875      Exit  costs for demolition of facilities,  clean  up
             costs and other.
 ______
$18,800

      The net after tax effect of the 1996 Management Actions was
a loss of approximately $12,600 or ($.58 per share).

      A  summary  of  the  liabilities set up for  severance  and
included  in  accrued  expenses is  as  follows  (including  stay
bonus):

      1996                                 
       Accruals                            $11,338
       Payments                            (2,122)
       Translation and                     
         adjustments                           (2)
                                           
     Balance, December 31, 1996            $ 9,214
      1997                                       
       Accruals - Stay bonus IPD                652
       Payments                              (5,980)
       Translation and adjustments             (479)
                                           
     Balance, December 31, 1997            $ 3,407
     1998                                  
       Payments                            (3,007)
       Translation and adjustments              78
     Balance, December 31, 1998             $   478
                                           

4.   Business and Product Line Acquisitions:

      The  following acquisitions were accounted  for  under  the
purchase method and the accompanying financial statements reflect
results of operations from their respective acquisition dates.

Cox:

      On  May  7,  1998, the Company acquired all of the  capital
stock  of  Cox Investments Ltd. and its wholly owned  subsidiary,
Arthur  H.  Cox  and Co., Ltd. and all of the  capital  stock  of
certain  related marketing subsidiaries ("Cox") from  Hoechst  AG
for  approximately $192,000 in cash, the assumption of bank  debt
which  was  repaid  subsequent to  the  closing,  and  a  further
purchase  price adjustment equal to an increase in net assets  of
Cox  from  January 1, 1998 to the date of acquisition. The  total
purchase price including the purchase price adjustment and direct
costs  of  the  acquisition  was  approximately  $198,000.  Cox's
operations are included in IPD and are located primarily  in  the
United   Kingdom   with   distribution  operations   located   in
Scandinavia  and the Netherlands. Cox is a generic pharmaceutical
manufacturer  and  marketer of tablets, capsules,  suppositories,
liquids,  ointments and creams. Cox distributes its  products  to
pharmacy  retailers and pharmaceutical wholesalers  primarily  in
the United Kingdom.

     The Company financed the $198,000 purchase price and related
debt  repayments  from  borrowings under its  existing  long-term
Revolving  Credit Facility and short-term lines of  credit  which
had   been  repaid  in  March  1998  with  the  proceeds  of  the
convertible  subordinated  notes  offering.  To  accomplish   the
acquisition  the  principal members of the bank syndicate,  which
were   parties  to  the  Company's  Revolving  Credit   Facility,
consented  to a change until December 31, 1998 in the  method  of
calculating  certain financial convenants. The  Revolving  Credit
Facility  was replaced in January 1999 with a new credit facility
which contains updated financial covenants. (See Note 9.)

      The  acquisition was accounted for in accordance  with  the
purchase  method.  The  fair value of  the  assets  acquired  and
liabilities  assumed  and  the results of  Cox's  operations  are
included  in  the  Company's  consolidated  financial  statements
beginning  on the acquisition date, May 7, 1998. The  Company  is
amortizing the acquired goodwill (approximately $160,000) over 35
years using the straight line method.

      The non-recurring charges related to the acquisition of Cox
included in the second quarter of 1998 are summarized below.  The
charge for in-process research and development ("R&D") is not tax
benefited;  therefore  the  computed tax  benefit  is  below  the
expected  rate.  The  valuation of purchased in-process  R&D  was
based  on  the cost approach for 12 generic products  at  varying
stages of development at the acquisition date.

     Inventory write-up  $1,300 (Included in cost of sales)
     In-process R&D       2,100 (Included in selling, general
     Severance of existing       and administrative expenses)
       employees             200
                          3,600
        Tax benefit        (470)
                         $3,130 ($.12 per share)

     The following pro forma information on results of operations
for  the periods presented assumes the purchase of Cox as if  the
companies had combined at the beginning of each of the respective
periods:

                                    Pro Forma
                                    Year Ended
                                   December 31,
                                   (Unaudited)
                                1998*        1997
                                               
                                          
        Revenues              $637,139    $590,450
        Net income            $26,868     $13,311
        Basic EPS               $1.05       $0.59
        Diluted EPS             $1.02       $0.58

*  1998  excludes  actual non-recurring charges  related  to  the
acquisition of $ 3,130 after tax or $ .12 per share.

Other Acquisitions:

       In December 1998, the Company acquired SKW Biotech, a part
of  SKW Trostberg AG, in Budapest, Hungary. The purchase included
an  antibiotic fermentation and purification plant in Budapest on
a  300,000 square foot site. SKW Biotech is included in  the  FCD
and  currently  produces vancomycin. The  cost  of  approximately
$8,400  was  preliminarily allocated to  goodwill  and  property,
plant  and  equipment.  A  final  purchase  allocation  will   be
completed in 1999.

        In  November 1998, the Company acquired the Siga  product
line  in Germany from Hexal AG. The branded product line, "Siga",
is  included  in  the IPD and consists of over 20  products.  The
acquisition consisted of product registrations and trademarks; no
personnel  or plants were part of the transaction.  The  cost  of
approximately $13,300 has been allocated to intangible assets and
will be amortized over 15 years.

      In  November  1997,  the  Company  acquired  the  worldwide
polymyxin  business  from Cultor Food Science.  Polymyxin  is  an
antibiotic  mainly  used  in topical ointments  and  creams.  The
transaction included product technology, registrations,  customer
information  and  inventories.  The  Company's  FCD  manufactures
polymyxin  in  its  Copenhagen facility and has manufactured  its
additional polymyxin requirements at this facility. The cost  was
approximately  $16,500  which  included  approximately  $500   of
inventory.  The balance of the purchase price has been  allocated
to  intangible  assets and will generally be  amortized  over  15
years.  The  purchase agreement also provides  for  a  contingent
payment  and  future  royalties in the event that  certain  sales
levels are achieved of a product presently being developed by  an
independent  pharmaceutical company utilizing polymyxin  supplied
by the Company.

      In  September  1997,  the Company  acquired  the  worldwide
decoquinate  business  from  Rhone-Poulenc  Animal  Nutrition  of
France (RPAN). Decoquinate is an anticoccidial feed additive used
primarily in beef cattle and calves. The transaction included all
rights  for decoquinate worldwide and the trademark Deccoxr  that
is  registered in over 50 countries. The agreement also  provides
that  RPAN will continue to manufacture decoquinate for  the  AHD
under  a  long  term supply contract. The cost was  approximately
$27,550,  which  included approximately $1,850 of inventory.  The
balance  of  the purchase price has been allocated to  intangible
assets and will generally be amortized over 15 years.

5.   Earnings Per Share

      Basic earnings per share is based upon the weighted average
number  of common shares outstanding. Diluted earnings per  share
reflect  the  dilutive effect of stock options, rights,  warrants
and convertible debt when appropriate.

      A reconciliation of weighted average shares outstanding for
basic to diluted weighted average shares outstanding used in  the
calculation of EPS is as follows:

     (Shares in thousands)        For the years ended
                                      December 31,
                               1998      1997       1996
     Average shares                               
      outstanding - basic     25,567    22,695     21,715
     Stock options               222        85         -
     Rights                      -        -         -
     Warrants                    490      -         -
     Convertible debt           -         -          -
     Average shares                               
      outstanding - diluted   26,279    22,780     21,715

      The amount of dilution attributable to the options, rights,
and  warrants determined by the treasury stock method depends  on
the  average market price of the Company's common stock for  each
period.  Subordinated debt, convertible into 6,744,481 shares  of
common stock at $28.59 per share, was outstanding at December 31,
1998 and was included in the computation of diluted EPS using the
if-converted  method for the three month periods ended  September
30,   and   December  31,  1998.  The  if-converted  method   was
antidilutive  for the year ended December 31, 1998 and  therefore
the  shares  attributable  to  the  subordinated  debt  were  not
included in the diluted EPS calculation.

      The numerator for the calculation of basic and diluted  EPS
is  net income for all periods. The numerator for the three month
periods ended September 30, and December 31, 1998 includes an add
back  for  interest  expense and debt cost amortization,  net  of
income tax effects, related to the convertible notes.


6.   Accounts Receivable, Net:

     Accounts receivable consist of the following:

                                             December 31,
                                          1998          1997
                                                    
     Accounts receivable, trade       $171,073        $129,382
     Other                               4,941           3,460
                                       176,014         132,842
     Less allowances for doubtful                   
      accounts                           6,270           5,205
                                      $169,744        $127,637

      The  allowance  for doubtful accounts for the  three  years
ended December 31, consisted of the following:

                             1998          1997         1996
                                                    
Balance at January 1,     $5,205         $4,359            $5,751
Provision for doubtful                              
     accounts              1,032          2,111             3,572
Reductions for accounts                             
 written off               (175)           (789)           (4,589)
Translation and other        208           (476)             (375)
Balance at December 31,   $6,270         $5,205            $4,359

7.   Inventories:

     Inventories consist of the following:

                                         December 31,
                                      1998          1997

     Finished product               $ 68,834      $ 68,525
     Work-in-process                  25,751        20,009
     Raw materials                    43,733        32,917
                                    $138,318      $121,451

      At  December 31, 1998 and 1997, approximately  $41,900  and
$48,700 of inventories, respectively, are valued on a LIFO basis.
LIFO inventory is approximately equal to FIFO in 1998 and 1997.

8.   Property, Plant and Equipment, Net:

       Property,  plant  and  equipment,  net,  consist  of   the
following:
                                           December 31,
                                       1998         1997

     Land                            $ 10,603    $  8,954
     Buildings and building
       improvements                   120,357     100,017
     Machinery and equipment          259,988     219,566
     Construction in progress          20,199      16,197
                                      411,147     344,734
     Less, accumulated depreciation   167,015     145,174

                                     $244,132    $199,560

9.   Long-Term Debt:

Long-term debt consists of the following:
                                                 December 31,
                                               1998          1997
Senior debt:                                             
 U.S. Dollar Denominated:                                
  Revolving Credit Facility 6.6% - 7.0%   $180,000       $161,575
  A/S Eksportfinans                          7,200          9,000
  Industrial Development Revenue Bonds:                  
   Baltimore County, Maryland                            
     (7.25%)                                 4,565          5,155
     (6.875%)                                1,200          1,200
   Lincoln County, NC                        4,500          5,000
  Other, U.S.                                  504            758
                                                         
 Denominated in Other Currencies:                        
       Mortgage notes payable (NOK)         42,224         38,099
  Bank and agency development loans          7,991         13,803
(NOK)
  Other, foreign                                53            257
                                                         
 Total senior debt                         248,237        234,847
                                                         
Subordinated debt:                                       
 5.75% Convertible Subordinated Notes
  due 2005                                 125,000            -
 5.75% Convertible Subordinated                          
     Note due 2005 - Industrier Note       67,850            -
Total subordinated debt                    192,850            -
  Total long-term debt                     441,087        234,847
  Less, current maturities                 12,053          10,872
                                          $429,034       $223,975

      In  January  1999,  the Company signed  a  $300,000  credit
agreement  ("1999  Credit Facility") with a consortium  of  banks
arranged  by the Union Bank of Norway, Den norske Bank A.S.,  and
Summit  Bank.  The agreement replaced the prior revolving  credit
facility and the current U.S. short-term facilities and increased
overall  credit  availability. The  prior  revolving  credit  was
repaid in February 1999 by drawing on the 1999 Credit Facility.

      The  1999  Credit Facility provides for (i) a $100,000  six
year Term Loan; and (ii) a revolving credit agreement of $200,000
with  an  initial term of five years with two possible  one  year
extensions.

      The  1999  Credit Facility has several financial covenants,
including  an  interest coverage ratio, total  debt  to  earnings
before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization ("EBITDA"),
and equity to asset ratio.

      Interest on the facility will be at the LIBOR rate  with  a
margin  of  between .875% and 1.6625% depending on the  ratio  of
total debt to EBITDA.

      In  December  1995,  the Company's Danish  subsidiary,  A/S
Dumex, borrowed $9,000 from A/S Eksportfinans with credit support
provided  by  Union  Bank  of Norway  and  Bikuben  Girobank  A/S
("Bikuben")   to   finance  an  expansion   of   its   Vancomycin
manufacturing facility in Copenhagen. The term of  the  loan  was
seven  years. Interest for the loan was fixed at 6.59%, including
the  cost  of the credit support provided via guarantee by  Union
Bank  of Norway and Bikuben. The loan was repaid in February 1999
from proceeds received under the 1999 Credit Facility.

      The  Baltimore County Industrial Development Revenue  Bonds
are  payable in varying amounts through 2009. Plant and equipment
with  an approximate net book value of $13,605 collateralize this
obligation.

      In  August  1994, the Company issued Industrial Development
Revenue Bonds for $6,000 in connection with the expansion of  the
Lincolnton,  North  Carolina plant.  The  bonds  require  monthly
interest payments at a floating rate (4.15% at December 31, 1998;
3.56%  weighted average for 1998) approximating the current money
market rate on tax exempt bonds and the payment by the Company of
annual  letter of credit, remarketing, trustee, and rating agency
fees   of  1.125%.  The  bonds  require  a  yearly  sinking  fund
redemption  of  $500  to August 2004 and $300 thereafter  through
August  2009.  Plant and equipment with an approximate  net  book
value of $5,166 serve as collateral for this loan.

      The  mortgage notes payable denominated in Norwegian Kroner
(NOK)  include amounts originally issued in connection  with  the
construction  of  a pharmaceutical facility in Lier,  Norway  and
amounts  issued in 1997 and 1998 in connection with the expansion
of the Lier facility ($14,700). The mortgage is collateralized by
this  facility  (net  book value $44,985) and  the  Oslo,  Norway
("Skoyen")  facility. (See Note 13.) The debt was borrowed  in  a
number  of tranches over the construction period and interest  is
fixed   for   specified  periods  based  on  actual   yields   of
Norgeskreditt  publicly traded bonds plus  a  lending  margin  of
0.70%.  The weighted average interest rate at December  31,  1998
and  1997  was  6.8%  and 5.6%, respectively.  The  tranches  are
repayable  in  semiannual  installments  through  2021.    Yearly
amounts payable vary between $1,237 and $2,009.

      Mortgage notes payable also include amounts issued in  1997
($5,356)  to  finance a new production unit at an Aquatic  Animal
Health facility in Overhalla, Norway. The mortgage has a 12  year
term  and  an  interest rate of 4.9%, is repayable  in  10  equal
installments in years 2001 - 2009, and is collateralized  by  the
net book value of the facility ($7,367).

      Alpharma Oslo has various loans with government development
agencies  and  banks  which have been used for  acquisitions  and
construction  projects.  Such loans  are  collateralized  by  the
Skoyen property and require payments in 1999 of $7,322 and  final
payments of $669 in 2000.  The weighted average interest rate  of
the  loans  at  December 31, 1998 and 1997  was  7.4%  and  5.0%,
respectively.  The banks and agencies have the option  to  extend
payment in 1999.

      In  March  1998,  the  Company  issued  $125,000  of  5.75%
Convertible Subordinated Notes (the "Notes") due 2005. The  Notes
may  be converted into common stock at $28.594 at any time  prior
to  maturity, subject to adjustment under certain conditions. The
Company  may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, on  or  after
April 6, 2001, at a premium plus accrued interest.

      Concurrently, A.L. Industrier, the controlling  stockholder
of  the  Company,  purchased at par for  cash  $67,850  principal
amount  of  a  Convertible  Subordinated  Note  (the  "Industrier
Note").   The   Industrier   Note  has  substantially   identical
adjustment terms and interest rate as the Notes.

      The  Notes  are convertible into Class A common stock.  The
Industrier Note is automatically convertible into Class B  common
stock  if  at  least 75% of the Class A notes are converted  into
common stock.

     The net proceeds from the combined offering of $189,100 were
used  initially to retire outstanding senior long-term debt.  The
Revolving Credit Facility was used in the second quarter of 1998,
along  with  an  amount  of  short  term  debt,  to  finance  the
acquisition of Cox Pharmaceuticals. (See Note 4.)

      Maturities of long-term debt during each of the  next  five
years  and  thereafter as of December 31,  1998  are  as  follows
(amounts  are  presented  as reported and  on  a  proforma  basis
reflecting the 1999 Credit Facility):

     Year ending December 31,
                                                        
                                                        
                            As Reported        Proforma
                            
          1999                  $ 12,053          $ 10,253
          2000                   185,089             8,289
          2001                     4,949            18,149
          2002                     4,947            18,147
          2003                     3,184            18,184
          Thereafter             230,865           368,065
                                $441,087          $441,087
                                               
10.  Short-Term Debt:

     Short-term debt consists of the following:
                                  December 31,
                                1998       1997

               Domestic       $17,275    $24,200
               Foreign         24,646     14,866
                              $41,921    $39,066

       At  December  31,  1998,  the  Company  and  its  domestic
subsidiaries  have  available  bank  lines  of  credit   totaling
$65,500.   Borrowings  under  the  lines  are  made  for  periods
generally less than three months and bear interest from 6.60%  to
6.75%  at December 31, 1998. At December 31, 1998, the amount  of
the  unused lines totaled $48,225. In January 1999 the lines were
refinanced into the 1999 Credit Facility. (See Note 9.)

      At  December  31, 1998, the Company's foreign  subsidiaries
have  available  lines  of  credit with  various  banks  totaling
$42,222  ($40,722 in Europe and $1,500 in the Far East). Drawings
under  these lines are made for periods generally less than three
months  and  bear interest at December 31, 1998 at rates  ranging
from  4.00%  to  9.50%. At December 31, 1998, the amount  of  the
unused lines totaled $17,576 ($16,076 in Europe and $1,500 in the
Far East).

     The weighted average interest rate on short-term debt during
the   years  1998,  1997  and  1996  was  6.4%,  5.9%  and  6.2%,
respectively.

11.  Income Taxes:

      Domestic and foreign income (loss) before income taxes  was
$28,296,  and $10,687, respectively in 1998, $14,267 and $13,483,
respectively  in 1997, and $(17,991) and $1,765, respectively  in
1996. Taxes on income of foreign subsidiaries are provided at the
tax   rates   applicable   to  their   respective   foreign   tax
jurisdictions.  The provision for income taxes  consists  of  the
following:
                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                      1998     1997      1996
          Current:
            Federal                  $8,373   $5,164  $(4,796)
            Foreign                   4,224    5,184     3,367
            State                     1,682    1,095     (232)
                                     14,279   11,443   (1,661)
          Deferred:
            Federal                   (351)      439     (522)
            Foreign                     930  (1,295)   (2,531)
            State                      (86)    (245)      (51)
                                        493  (1,101)   (3,104)
             Provision/(benefit)
              for income taxes      $14,772  $10,342  $(4,765)

     A reconciliation of the statutory U.S. federal income tax
 rate to the effective rate follows:

                                    Years Ended December 31,
                                    1998      1997      1996

Statutory U.S. federal rate         35.0%     35.0%     (35.0%)
State income tax, net of federal
  tax benefit                        2.6%      2.0%      (1.1%)
Lower taxes on foreign
    earnings,   net                 (5.2%)    (4.4%)     (2.7%)
Tax credits                         (1.2%)       -       (0.9%)
Non-deductible costs, principally
  amortization of intangibles
  related to acquired companies      5.6%      4.9%       8.5%
Non-deductible in-process R&D        1.7%       -          -
Other,   net                        (0.6%)    (0.2%)      1.8%
Effective rate                      37.9%      37.3%     (29.4%)

      Deferred  tax  liabilities (assets) are  comprised  of  the
following:
                                                 Year Ended
                                                December 31,
                                               1998     1997

Accelerated depreciation and amortization
    for   income  tax  purposes              $23,956   $20,976
Excess of book basis of acquired assets
  over tax bases                              11,488     8,391
Differences between inventory valuation
  methods used for book and tax purposes       2,219     3,306
Other                                            623       808
  Gross deferred tax liabilities              38,286    33,481

Accrued liabilities and other reserves        (4,418)   (7,178)
Pension liabilities                           (1,496)   (1,351)
Loss carryforwards                            (1,890)   (1,945)
Deferred income                                 (581)      -
Other                                         (1,792)   (2,118)
  Gross deferred tax assets                  (10,177)  (12,592)

Deferred tax assets valuation allowance        1,890     1,945

     Net deferred tax liabilities            $29,999   $22,834

      As  of  December  31,  1998, the  Company  has  state  loss
carryforwards  in one state of approximately $16,100,  which  are
available  to  offset future taxable income. These  carryforwards
will expire between the years 1999 and 2005. The Company also has
foreign  loss carryforwards in five countries as of December  31,
1998,  of  approximately $2,000, which are  available  to  offset
future taxable income, and have carryforward periods ranging from
five  years  to unlimited. The Company has recognized a  deferred
tax  asset  relating to these carryforwards;  however,  based  on
analysis of current information, which indicated that it  is  not
likely  that  such state and foreign losses will be  realized,  a
valuation allowance has been established for the entire amount of
these carryforwards.

12.  Pension Plans and Postretirement Benefits:

Domestic:

      The  Company maintains a qualified noncontributory, defined
benefit  pension  plan  covering the  majority  of  its  domestic
employees.  The  benefits are based on years of service  and  the
employee's highest consecutive five years compensation during the
last  ten  years of service. The Company's funding policy  is  to
contribute  annually an amount that can be deducted  for  federal
income tax purposes. The plan assets are under a single custodian
and  a  single  investment manager. Plan assets are  invested  in
equities,  government  securities and  bonds.  In  addition,  the
Company   has  unfunded  supplemental  executive  pension   plans
providing additional benefits to certain employees.

      The Company also has an unfunded postretirement medical and
nominal  life insurance plan ("postretirement benefits") covering
certain  domestic employees who were eligible as  of  January  1,
1993.  The plan will not be extended to any additional employees.
Retired employees are required to contribute for coverage  as  if
they were active employees.

      The  postretirement transition obligation as of January  1,
1993 of $1,079 is being amortized over twenty years. The discount
rate  used  in  determining the 1998, 1997 and 1996  expense  was
7.25%, 7.75%, and 7.25%, respectively. The health care cost trend
rate was 6.5% declining to 5.0% over a ten year period, remaining
level  thereafter. Assumed health care cost trend  rates  do  not
have  a significant effect on the amounts reported for the health
care  plans. A one-percentage-point change in assumed health care
cost trend rates would not have a material effect on the reported
amounts.

     In 1996 the Company's AHD announced an early retirement plan
for  employees  meeting certain criteria. As  part  of  the  plan
employees  electing early retirement would be eligible  for  post
retirement medical even if they had not met the required  service
and  age  requirements.  The charge for the  special  termination
benefits of $492 was required and is included in the accrued post
retirement benefit cost.
                                                  Postretirement
                               Pension Benefits   Benefits
Change in benefit obligation     1998     1997     1998    1997
Benefit obligation at                                     
  beginning of year            $13,973  $11,691   $3,011  $2,747
Service cost                    1,235    1,192       85       92
Interest cost                   1,035    1,035      167      204
Plan participants'                                        
  contributions                   -        -         23       20
Amendments                         32     272     (533)      -
Actuarial (gain) loss             882    1,703       70      184
Benefits paid                    (530)  (1,920)    (190)   (236)
Benefit obligation at end of                              
  year                         16,627   13,973    2,633    3,011
                                                          
    Change in plan assets                                 
Fair value of plan assets at                              
  beginning of year            12,897   11,276      -        -
Actual return on plan assets    4,051    2,340      -        -
Employer contribution           1,200    1,201      -        -
Benefits paid                   (530)   (1,920)     -         -
Fair value of plan assets at                              
  end of year                  17,618   12,897      -         -
                                                          
Funded status                     991   (1,076)   (2,633) (3,011)
Unrecognized net actuarial                                
  (gain)loss                    (144)    1,750      744      695
Unrecognized net transition                               
  obligation                      155      184      258      809
Unrecognized prior service                                
  cost                          (823)     (936)     -         -
Prepaid (accrued) benefit      $  179   $  (78) $(1,631)  $(1,507)
cost                                
                                                          
                                                  Postretirement
                               Pension Benefits   Benefits
                                 1998     1997     1998    1997
Weighted-average assumptions                              
  as of December 31
Discount rate                  6.75%    7.25%     6.75%   7.25%
Expected   return   on   plan  9.25%    9.00%      N/A     N/A
assets
Rate of compensation increase  4.00%    4.00%      N/A     N/A
                                                          

                                              Postretirement
                      Pension Benefits        Benefits
                       1998    1997    1996   1998  1997    1996
Components of net                                          
 periodic benefit
cost
Service cost          $1,235  $1,192  $1,380  $85    $92   $120
Interest cost         1,035   1,035     991   167    204   146
Expected return on                                         
 plan assets          (1,274) (1,056) (946)    -      -     -
Net amortization of                                        
 transition              30     30       30    18     54    54
obligation
Amortization of                                            
prior                  (81)   (82)     (99)    -      -     -
 service cost
Recognized net                                             
 actuarial              (2)     28      129    21     15    17
(gain)loss
Special termination                                         
 benefits                 -      -        -      -      -   492
Net periodic benefit                                       
 cost                 $  943  $1,147  $1,485  $291  $365   $829
                                                           

       The  projected  benefit  obligation,  accumulated  benefit
obligation,  and  fair  value  of  plan  assets  for  plans  with
accumulated  benefit obligations in excess of  plan  assets  were
$288,  $177 and $0 respectively as of December 31, 1998 and $187,
$104 and $0 as of December 31, 1997.

     The Company and its domestic subsidiaries also have a number
of  defined contribution plans, both qualified and non-qualified,
which allow eligible employees to withhold a fixed percentage  of
their  salary (maximum 15%) and provide for a Company match based
on  service  (maximum 6%). The Company's contributions  to  these
plans were approximately $1,200, $1,200 and $1,300 in 1998,  1997
and 1996, respectively.

Europe:

      Certain of the Company's European subsidiaries have various
defined  benefit  plans, both contributory  and  noncontributory,
which  are  available  to a majority of employees.  Pension  plan
contributions from the Company and the participants are  paid  to
independent  trustees  and invested in fixed  income  and  equity
securities in accordance with local practices.

      Certain  subsidiaries also have direct pension arrangements
with a limited number of employees. These pension commitments are
paid  out  of general assets and the obligations are accrued  but
not prefunded.
                                 
                                    1998         1997
Change in benefit obligation:                 
Benefit obligation at                         
  beginning of year               $20,230      $18,232
Service cost                        2,003      1,264
Interest cost                       1,763      1,142
Plan participants' contribution       234      -
Actuarial (gain)/loss               3,859      2,503
Acquisition                        16,787      -
Benefits paid                       (622)      (594)
Translation adjustment              (620)      (2,317)
Benefit obligation at end                     
  of year                          43,634      20,230
                                              
Change in plan assets:                        
Fair value of plan assets at                  
  beginning of year                11,832      11,738
Actual return on plan assets        1,818      951
Acquisition                        14,700      -
Employer contribution               1,347      1,111
Plan participants' contributions      234      -
Benefits paid                       (548)      (518)
Translation adjustment              (321)      (1,450)
Fair value of plan assets at                  
  end of year                      29,062      11,832
                                              
Funded status                    (14,572)      (8,398)
Unrecognized net actuarial                    
  loss                              2,155      1,625
Unrecognized transitional                     
  obligation                        6,793      1,039
Unrecognized prior service                    
  cost                                777      911
Additional minimum liability       (452)         (582)
 Prepaid (accrued) benefit cost  $(5,299)      $(5,405)


                                   1998       1997
Weighted-average assumptions:              
Discount rate                     6.4%       6.0%
Expected return on plan assets    7.3%       7.0%
Rate of compensation increase     4.5%       3.5%
                                           

                                  1998      1997      1996
Components of net periodic                          
benefit cost:
Service cost                    $2,003    $1,264    $1,302
Interest cost                    1,763     1,142     1,122
Expected return on plan assets  (1,478)     (793)     (774)
Amortization of transition                          
 obligation                         35        102     112
Amortization of prior service                       
 cost                              101        107     118
Recognized net actuarial                            
 loss                               40       -         -
Net periodic benefit cost       $2,464    $1,822    $1,880
                                                    
      The  Company's  Danish subsidiary,  Dumex,  has  a  defined
contribution pension plan for salaried employees. Under the plan,
the  Company contributes a percentage of each salaried employee's
compensation to an account which is administered by an  insurance
company. Pension expense under the plan was approximately $2,059,
$2,204 and $2,250 in 1998, 1997 and 1996, respectively.

13.  Transactions with A. L. Industrier:

                                  Years Ended December 31,
                                   1998      1997     1996

Sales to and commissions received
  from A.L. Industrier           $2,722    $3,107     $3,075

Compensation received for
  management services rendered to
  A.L. Industrier                $  397    $  424     $  464

Inventory purchased from and
  commissions paid to A.L.
  Industrier                     $   32    $   34     $  200

Interest incurred on
 Industrier Note                 $2,937    $  -       $   -

      In  March  1998,  A.L. Industrier purchased  a  convertible
subordinated note issued by the Company in the amount of $67,850.
(See  Note 9.) As of December 31, 1998 and 1997 there was  a  net
current  receivable  (payable) of $(98) and  $742,  respectively,
from A.L. Industrier.

      In 1997 A.L. Industrier purchased Class B common stock from
the Company. (See Note 16.)

      The  Company  and  A.L. Industrier have  an  administrative
service   agreement  whereby  the  Company  provides   management
services  to A.L. Industrier. The agreement provides for  payment
equal  to  the direct and indirect cost of providing the services
subject  to  a  minimum  amount. The agreement  is  automatically
extended  for  one year each January 1, but may be terminated  by
either party upon six months notice.

      In connection with the agreement to purchase Alpharma Oslo,
A.L.   Industrier   retained  the   ownership   of   the   Skoyen
manufacturing facility and administrative offices (not  including
leasehold improvements and manufacturing equipment) and leases it
to the Company. The agreement also permits the Company to use the
Skoyen  facility  as  collateral on existing debt  until  October
1999.  The Company is required to pay all expenses related to the
operation and maintenance of the facility in addition to  nominal
rent.  The lease has an initial 20 year term and is renewable  at
the  then fair rental value at the option of the Company for four
consecutive five year terms.


14.  Contingent Liabilities, Litigation and Commitments:

      The  Company is one of multiple defendants in  80  lawsuits
alleging  personal  injuries and two class  actions  for  medical
monitoring  resulting from the use of phentermine distributed  by
the  Company  and subsequently prescribed for use in  combination
with  fenflurameine or dexfenfluramine manufactured and  sold  by
other defendants (Fen-Phen Lawsuits). None of the plaintiffs have
specified  an amount of monetary damage. Because the Company  has
not  manufactured,  but  only  distributed  phentermine,  it  has
demanded  defense and indemnification from the manufacturers  and
the   insurance  carriers  of  manufacturers  from  whom  it  has
purchased  the  phentermine. The Company has received  a  partial
reimbursement  of litigation costs from one of the manufacturer's
carriers.  The  plaintiff in 34 of these lawsuits has  agreed  to
dismiss the Company without prejudice but such dismissals must be
approved   by   the  Court.  Based  on  an  evaluation   of   the
circumstances as now known, including but not solely limited  to,
1)  the fact that the Company did not manufacture phentermine, 2)
it  had  a diminimus share of the phentermine market and  3)  the
presumption  of  some insurance coverage, the  Company  does  not
expect  that  the  ultimate resolution of  the  current  Fen-Phen
lawsuits will have a material impact on the financial position or
results of operations of the Company.

     Bacitracin zinc, one of the Company's feed additive products
has  been  banned  from  sale in the European  Union  (the  "EU")
effective  July  1, 1999. While no assurance of  success  can  be
given,  the  Company  is actively pursuing initiatives  based  on
scientific  evidence  available for the  product,  to  limit  the
effects  of  this ban. In addition, certain other countries,  not
presently material to the Company's sales of bacitracin zinc have
either followed the EU's ban or are considering such action.  The
existing  governmental actions negatively  impact  the  Company's
business but are not material to the Company's financial position
or  results  of operations. However, an expansion of the  ban  to
further  countries  where  the  Company  has  material  sales  of
bacitracin  based  products could be material  to  the  financial
condition and results of operations of the Company.

      The  Company and its subsidiaries are, from time  to  time,
involved  in other litigation arising out of the ordinary  course
of  business.  It  is the view of management, after  consultation
with  counsel, that the ultimate resolution of all other  pending
suits   should  not  have  a  material  adverse  effect  on   the
consolidated financial position or results of operations  of  the
Company.

      In  connection with a 1991 product line acquisition and the
Decoquinate business purchased in 1997, the Company entered  into
manufacturing  agreements which require the Company  to  purchase
yearly minimum quantities of product on a cost-plus basis. If the
minimum  quantities are not purchased, the Company must reimburse
the  supplier  a  percentage of the fixed costs  related  to  the
unpurchased  quantities.  The  Company  has  purchased   required
minimums in 1998. In the case of the Decoquinate agreement  there
are  contingent  payments which may be required of  either  party
upon  early  termination  of  the  agreement  depending  on   the
circumstances of the termination.

15. Leases:

      Rental  expense under operating leases for 1998,  1997  and
1996  was $6,665, $5,825 and $6,578, respectively. Future minimum
lease  commitments under non-cancelable operating  leases  during
each of the next five years and thereafter are as follows:

     Year Ending December 31,

                    1999          $ 5,280
                    2000            4,159
                    2001            3,868
                    2002            3,435
                    2003            2,907
                    Thereafter      3,865
                                  $23,514

16.  Stockholders' Equity:

      The holders of the Company's Class B Common Stock, (totally
held  by  A. L. Industrier at December 31, 1998) are entitled  to
elect  66 2/3% of the Board of Directors of the Company  and  may
convert  each share of Class B Common Stock held into  one  fully
paid  share of Class A Common Stock. Whenever the holders of  the
Company's common stock are entitled to vote as a combined  class,
each  holder  of Class A and Class B Common Stock is entitled  to
one and four votes, respectively, for each share held.

      The  number  of  authorized shares of  Preferred  Stock  is
500,000; the number of authorized shares of Class A Common  Stock
is  40,000,000; and the number of authorized shares  of  Class  B
Common Stock is 15,000,000.

      On  February  10, 1997, the Company entered  into  a  Stock
Subscription  and  Purchase Agreement with A.L.  Industrier.  The
agreement provided for the sale of 1,273,438 newly issued  shares
of  Class B Common stock for $16.34 per share. The agreement also
provided  for  the issuance of rights to the Class A shareholders
to  purchase  one share of Class A Common stock  for  $16.34  per
share  for every six shares of Class A Common held. The agreement
required  that the Class B shares be purchased at the  same  time
that  the  rights for the Class A Common stock would  expire  and
total consideration for the Class B Common stock was agreed to be
$20,808.

      On  June 26, 1997, the Company and A.L. Industrier  entered
into  Amendment No. 1 to the Subscription and Purchase  Agreement
whereby A.L. Industrier agreed to purchase the 1,273,438 Class  B
shares  on  June 27, 1997. The amendment provided that the  price
paid  by  A.L.  Industrier  would be adjusted  to  recognize  the
benefit  to  the Company of the A.L. Industrier purchase  of  the
stock on June 27, 1997 instead of November 25, 1997 (the date the
Class A rights expired). The sale of stock was completed for cash
on  June 27, 1997. Accordingly, stockholders' equity increased in
1997  by  $20,379 to reflect the issuance of the Class B  shares.
A.L.  Industrier is the beneficial owner of 9,500,000  shares  of
Class B Common stock.

      On September 4, 1997, the Board of Directors distributed to
the  holders  of  its  Class A Common Stock certain  subscription
rights. Each shareholder received one right for every six  shares
of  Class  A Stock held on the record date. Each right,  entitled
the  holder  to  purchase  one  share  of  Class  A  Stock  at  a
subscription  price of $16.34 per share. The rights  were  listed
and  traded  on  the  New York Stock Exchange.  The  rights  were
exercisable at the holder's option ending on November  25,  1997.
As  a  result of the rights offering the Company issued 2,201,837
shares  with net proceeds of $35,978. (Approximately 97%  of  the
rights were exercised.)

      In October 1994, the Company issued approximately 3,600,000
warrants  which  were  a  portion of the consideration  paid  for
Alpharma  Oslo.  The  Company was required  to  account  for  the
acquisition  of Alpharma Oslo as a transfer and exchange  between
companies  under  common control. Accordingly,  the  accounts  of
Alpharma were combined with the Company at historical cost  in  a
manner  similar  to  a  pooling-of-interests  and  the  Company's
financial statements were restated. At the acquisition date,  the
consideration paid for Alpharma Oslo was reflected as a  decrease
to  stockholders' equity net of the estimated value  ascribed  to
the  warrants.  The  estimated value of the warrants  ($6,552  or
$1.82  per  warrant) was added to additional paid in capital  and
deducted from retained earnings.

      On October 21, 1998 the Company announced that its Board of
Directors   had  approved  an  offer  by  the  Company   to   its
warrantholders  to  exchange  all of  the  Company's  outstanding
warrants  for  shares  of its Class A Common  Stock.  There  were
3,596,254  outstanding  warrants, each of which  represented  the
right  to  purchase 1.061 shares of Class A Common  Stock  at  an
exercise  price  of  $20.69  per  share.  The  warrants   expired
January 3, 1999.

      Under the transaction, the Company offered to issue to each
warrantholder  a  number of Class A shares in exchange  for  each
warrant  pursuant to an exchange formula based  upon  the  market
prices  of  the  shares during the offer. The  number  of  shares
issued  for  each  warrant  tendered was  .3678  and,  in  total,
1,230,448  shares were issued in exchange for 3,345,921  warrants
tendered  (93%  of the warrants outstanding). The excess  of  the
fair  market  value of the warrants tendered over  the  estimated
value  in 1994 of $31,117 was added to additional paid-in-capital
and  Class A Common stock and deducted from retained earnings  to
reflect the fair value of the Class A stock issued.

      At  December  31,  1998 the holders of  223,211  untendered
warrants  gave irrevocable notice of their intention to  exercise
their  warrants  by  paying $20.69 per  share.  The  subscription
amount  for  the exercised but unpaid for warrants are  shown  in
stockholders  equity  at  year end  with  the  subscribed  amount
($4,916)  deducted. The subscription proceeds  were  received  in
January  1999.  Less than 1% of the original  warrant  issue  was
untendered or unexercised.

A summary of activity in common and treasury stock follows:

Class A Common Stock Issued                           
                               1998         1997          1996
                                                      
 Balance, January 1        16,118,606   13,813,516    13,699,592
Exercise of stock options                             
 and other                 339,860          63,300    66,637
Exercise of stock rights   -             2,201,837    -
Exercise of warrants, net  2,124              -       -
Stock issued in tender                                
 offer for warrants        1,230,448          -       -
Employee stock purchase                               
 plan                          64,211       39,953        47,287
 Balance, December 31      17,755,249   16,118,606    13,813,516
                                                      
Class B Common Stock Issued                           
                               1998         1997          1996
                                                      
 Balance, January 1        9,500,000     8,226,562    8,226,562
Stock subscription by                                 
 A.L. Industrier                 -       1,273,438         -
 Balance, December 31      9,500,000     9,500,000    8,226,562
                                                      
Treasury Stock (Class A)                              
                               1998         1997          1996
                                                      
 Balance, January 1        275,382         274,786    263,017
Purchases                    1,952             596     11,769
  Balance, December 31     277,334         275,382    274,786


17.  Derivatives and Fair Value of Financial Instruments:

       The   Company  currently  uses  the  following  derivative
financial instruments for purposes other than trading.

Derivative             Use              Purpose

Forward foreign        Occasional       Entered into selectively
exchange contracts                      to sell or buy cash flows
                                        in non-functional
                                        currencies.
Interest rate          Occasional       Entered into selectively
agreements                              to fix interest rate for
                                        specified periods on
                                        variable rate long-term
                                        debt.

      At  December 31, 1998 and 1997, the Company's  had  foreign
currency   contracts  outstanding  with  a  notional  amount   of
approximately  $17,300 and $4,700, respectively. These  contracts
called  for  the exchange of Scandinavian and European currencies
and  in some cases the U.S. Dollar to meet commitments in or sell
cash   flows   generated   in  non-functional   currencies.   All
outstanding  contracts  will expire in 1999  and  the  unrealized
gains and losses are not material.

     In November 1995, the Company entered into two interest rate
swap agreements with two members of the consortium of banks which
were  parties  to  the Revolving Credit Facility  to  reduce  the
impact  of changes in interest rates on a portion of its floating
rate  long-term debt. The swap agreements fixed the interest rate
at  5.655%  plus  1.25%  for a portion of  the  revolving  credit
facility ($54,600) through October 1998. (See Note 9.)

      Counterparties to derivative agreements are major financial
institutions.  Management believes the risk of  incurring  losses
related to credit risk is remote.

      The  carrying  amount reported in the consolidated  balance
sheets  for  cash  and  cash  equivalents,  accounts  receivable,
accounts  payable  and  short-term debt approximates  fair  value
because  of  the  immediate  or  short-term  maturity  of   these
financial instruments. The carrying amount reported for long-term
debt other than the Convertible Subordinated Notes issued in 1998
approximates  fair  value because a significant  portion  of  the
underlying debt is at variable rates and reprices frequently. The
estimated  fair  value based on the bid price of the  Convertible
Subordinated Notes at December 31, 1998 was $264,928 compared  to
a carrying amount of $192,850.

18.  Stock Options and Employee Stock Purchase Plan:

       Under  the  Company's  1997  Incentive  Stock  Option  and
Appreciation  Right  Plan (the "Plan"),  the  Company  may  grant
options  to  key employees to purchase shares of Class  A  Common
Stock.  An  increase from 3,500,000 to 4,500,000 in  the  maximum
number of Class A shares available for grant was approved by  the
shareholders  in May 1998. In addition, the Company  has  a  Non-
Employee  Director  Option  Plan  (the  "Director  Plan")   which
provides for the issue of up to 150,000 shares of Class A  Common
stock.  The exercise price of options granted under the Plan  may
not  be  less than 100% of the fair market value of the  Class  A
Common  Stock  on the date of the grant. Options  granted  expire
from  three to ten years after the grant date. Generally, options
are  exercisable in installments of 25% beginning one  year  from
date  of grant. The Plan permits a cash appreciation right to  be
granted to certain employees. Included in options outstanding  at
December 31, 1998 are options to purchase 12,250 shares with cash
appreciation rights, 4,338 of which are exercisable. If an option
holder   ceases  to  be  an  employee  of  the  Company  or   its
subsidiaries for any reason prior to vesting of any options,  all
options  which  are  not vested at the date  of  termination  are
forfeited.  As  of  December  31,  1998  and  1997,  options  for
1,663,799 and 1,572,327 shares, respectively, were available  for
future grant.

The table below summarizes the activity of the Plan:

                                   Weighted              Weighted
                        Options    Average               Average
                          Out-     Exercise   Options    Exercise
                        standing    Price   Exercisabl    Price
                                                 e
                                                         
Balance at                                               
 December 31, 1995      896,775    $16.85    383,278     $15.49
  Granted in 1996        44,000    $22.18                
  Canceled in 1996     (36,000)    $18.01                
  Exercised in 1996    (66,437)    $14.21                
                                                         
Balance at                                               
 December 31, 1996      838,338    $17.30    444,982     $16.42
  Granted in 1997(1)    643,075    $16.65                
  Canceled in 1997     (107,347)   $17.76                
  Exercised in 1997    (63,100)    $12.22                
                                                         
Balance at                                               
 December 31, 1997     1,310,966   $17.20    462,765     $17.29
  Granted in 1998(2)    989,500    $25.14                
  Canceled in 1998     (80,972)    $18.34                
  Exercised in 1998    (344,160)   $17.01                
                                                         
Balance at                                               
 December 31, 1998     1,875,334   $21.38    854,514     $23.09
                                                         

(1)  Included  in options outstanding at December 31,  1997  were
     161,100 options granted in 1997 with exercise prices in excess of
     the fair market value of Class A stock on the date of grant. The
     weighted average exercise price of these options is $22.24. The
     weighted average exercise price of the remaining 481,975 options
     granted in 1997 is $14.76.
     
(2)  Included  in options outstanding at December 31,  1998  were
     383,900 options granted in 1998 with exercise prices in excess of
     the fair market value of Class A stock on the date of grant. The
     weighted average exercise price of these options is $30.09. The
     weighted average exercise price of the remaining 605,600 options
     granted in 1998 is $22.01.
     
      The  Company has adopted the disclosure only provisions  of
SFAS   No.   123.  If  the  Company  had  elected  to   recognize
compensation  costs in accordance with SFAS No. 123 the  reported
net  income  (loss)  would have been reduced  to  the  pro  forma
amounts  for the years ended December 31, 1998, 1997 and 1996  as
indicated below:

                                    1998       1997       1996
Net income (loss):                                     
  As reported                     $24,211    $17,408   $(11,461)
  Proforma                        $22,427    $16,328   $(12,028)
                                                       
Basic earnings (loss) per share:                       
  As reported                     $   .95    $  .77     $  (.53)
  Proforma                        $   .88    $  .72     $  (.55)
                                                       
Diluted earnings (loss) per                            
share:
  As reported                     $   .92    $   .76    $  (.53)
  Proforma                        $   .85    $   .72    $  (.55)

      The  Company estimated the fair value, as of  the  date  of
grant, of options outstanding in the plan using the Black-Scholes
option pricing model with the following assumptions:

                                      1998      1997     1996

     Expected life (years)              1-5      4-5      4-5
     Expected future dividend
          yield (average)             .81%     1.25%      .85%
     Expected volatility              0.35      0.40     0.40

      The  risk-free interest rates for 1998, 1997 and 1996  were
based   upon   U.S.  Treasury  instrument  rates  with   maturity
approximating  the expected term. The weighted  average  interest
rate  in  1998,  1997 and 1996 amounted to 5.6%, 6.4%  and  6.0%,
respectively. The weighted average fair value of options  granted
during  the  years ended December 31, 1998, 1997, and  1996  with
exercise  prices equal to fair market value on the date of  grant
were  $8.36, $5.53 and $7.90, respectively. The weighted  average
fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31,
1998 and 1997 with exercise prices in excess of fair market value
at  the  date  of  grant were $1.26 and $3.27.  No  options  with
exercise  prices in excess of fair market value at  the  date  of
grant were granted in 1996.
      The  following  table  summarizes information  about  stock
options outstanding at December 31, 1998:

                    OPTIONS OUTSTANDING      OPTIONS EXERCISABLE
                                   Weight-                Weight-
                                      ed                    ed
                 Number   Weighted Average                Average
                Outstand- Average   Exer-      Number      Exer-
   Range of      ing at   Remain-    cise   Exercisable    cise
   Exercise     12/31/98  ing Life  Price   at 12/31/98    Price
    Prices
                                                          
$8.75 - $18.75   641,484    4.0    $15.39     346,850     $15.89
$19.50 - $22.13  674,350    6.1    $21.89      72,250     $20.99
$22.20 - $30.09  559,500    2.6    $27.64     435,414     $29.17
                                          
$8.75 - $30.09 1,875,334   4.3    $21.38     854,514     $23.09
                                                          

      The  Company has an Employee Stock Purchase Plan  by  which
eligible   employees  of  the  Company  may   authorize   payroll
deductions  up  to  4% of their regular base salary  to  purchase
shares  of  Class  A Common Stock at the fair market  value.  The
Company   matches   these  contributions   with   an   additional
contribution equal to 25% of the employee's contribution.  As  of
the second quarter of 1998 the Company increased the match to 50%
of  the employee contributions. Shares are issued on the last day
of each calendar quarter. The Company's contributions to the plan
were  approximately $513, $137 and $163 in 1998, 1997  and  1996,
respectively.


19.  Supplemental Data:
                                       Years Ended December 31,
                                     1998      1997      1996
Research and development
 expense                         $36,034*     $32,068  $34,269
Depreciation   expense           $22,941      $21,591  $22,751
Amortization  expense            $15,179      $ 9,317  $ 8,752
Interest cost incurred           $26,357      $18,988  $20,549

Other income (expense), net:
      Interest income            $   757      $    519   $529
     Foreign exchange
       losses, net                  (895)        (726)    (195)
       Other,  net                  (262)        (360)    (504)
                                 $  (400)     $  (567) $  (170)


*  Includes write-off of purchased in-process R&D related to  Cox
acquisition. (See Note 4.)

Supplemental cash flow information:

                                     1998      1997      1996
   Cash paid for interest
    (net of amount capitalized)    $25,078   $19,193   $20,250
   Cash paid for income taxes (net
     of refunds)                   $10,175   $   221   $ 9,182

   Supplemental schedule of
     noncash investing and
     financing activities:

   Fair value of assets acquired $255,121   $44,029       -
   Liabilities                     33,950        -         -
   Cash paid                      221,171     44,029      -
   Less cash acquired                 502        -         -

   Net cash paid                 $220,669   $44,029    $  -


20.   Information  Concerning Business  Segments  and  Geographic
Operations:

      In  1998  the  Company  adopted  SFAS  131.  The  Company's
reportable   segments   are  the  five  decentralized   divisions
described  in Note 1, (i.e. IPD, FCD, USPD, AHD, and AAHD).  Each
division has a president and operates in distinct business and/or
geographic  area. Prior years segment data has been  restated  to
present the required information.

      The  accounting policies of the segments are generally  the
same as those described in the "Summary of Significant Accounting
Policies."   Segment   data   includes  immaterial   intersegment
revenues.  No customer accounts for more than 10% of consolidated
revenues.

      The  operations  of  each segment are  evaluated  based  on
earnings  before interest and taxes (operating income). Corporate
expenses  and  certain  other expenses  or  income  not  directly
attributable  to  the  segments are not  allocated.  Eliminations
include  intersegment sales. Geographic revenues represent  sales
to  third parties by country in which the selling legal entity is
domiciled.  Operating  assets directly attributable  to  business
segments  are  included  in  identifiable  assets  (i.e.  sum  of
accounts   receivable,  inventories,  net  property,  plant   and
equipment and net intangible assets). Cash, prepaid expenses, and
other  corporate  and  non  allocated  assets  are  included   in
unallocated.  For geographic reporting long lived assets  include
net property, plant and equipment and net intangibles.

                                                    Depre-    
                                                    ciation   
                                         Identi-    and       Captial
                    Total     Operating  fiable     Amorti-   Expendi-
                    Revenue   Income(a)  Assets     zation    tures
1998                                                          
Business segments:                                            
 IPD                $193,106  $ 7,971(b) $379,217   $11,460   $14,913
 USPD                178,785   11,061    209,243      8,063     6,807
 FCD                  53,048   17,526     85,409      5,301     3,643
 AHD                 166,343   37,800    151,000      8,578     2,864
 AAHD                 18,963    3,623     19,850      1,044       815
 Unallocated            -     (12,695)    64,217      3,674     2,336
 Eliminations        (5,661)    (290)       -          -         -
                    $604,584  $64,996    $908,936   $38,120   $31,378
                                                              
1997                                                          
Business segments:                                            
 IPD                $134,075  $10,975    $134,679   $ 6,525   $16,430
 USPD                155,381    4,057    211,096      8,355     4,703
 FCD                  38,664    9,442     74,672      4,634     1,621
 AHD                 158,428   32,023    139,367      7,279     3,028
 AAHD                 15,283    2,764     19,494      1,110       151
 Unallocated            -     (12,225)    52,558      3,005     1,850
 Eliminations        (1,543)     (138)      -         -          -
                    $500,288  $46,898    $631,866   $30,908   $27,783
                                                              
1996                                                          
Business segments:                                            
 IPD                $141,976   $2,521    $137,051   $ 7,638   $ 5,985
 USPD                152,317  (19,241)   206,310      9,493     3,727
 FCD                  36,032    8,538     68,361      4,691     4,931
 AHD                 146,005   20,993    119,001      6,631     6,778
 AAHD                 12,241    (302)     20,121        721     6,082
 Unallocated            -     (8,268)     62,563      2,329     3,371
 Eliminations        (2,387)     (321)      -         -          -
                    $486,184   $3,920    $613,407   $31,503   $30,874


(a)  1998  operating income includes one-time charges related  to
     the acquisition of Cox Pharmaceuticals and 1996 operating income
     includes  charges for management actions. The  segments  are
     impacted as follows:

                                     1998          1996
                                               
        IPD                       $3,600          $8,051
        USPD                         -             5,738
        AHD                          -            4,542
        Unallocated                  -               469
                                  $3,600         $18,800
                                               

(b) Goodwill  amortization in IPD related to the Cox  acquisition
    in 1998 amounted to approximately $3,000.

Geographic
                                                    Long-lived
                          Revenues             Identifiable Assets
                  1998      1997     1996     1998    1997      1996
                                                              
United States   $338,487  $294,772 $280,277 $196,745 $205,188  $190,111
Norway           86,019    91,760   89,329  85,719     86,384    87,400
Denmark          52,565    53,624   55,867  57,144     55,795    48,626
United Kingdom   73,258     8,961    6,680  196,669     -         -
Other foreign                                                 
 (primarily                                                   
 Europe)         54,255    51,171   54,031    23,564    2,009     3,584
               $604,584  $500,288 $486,184  $559,841 $349,376  $329,721


21.  Selected Quarterly Financial Data (unaudited):

                                    Quarter                       
                                                                Total
                     First      Second     Third     Fourth     Year
                                                              
1998                                                          
Total revenue       $126,562  $139,513    $164,337  $174,172  $604,584
                                                              
Gross profit         $53,417   $59,162     $66,695  $73,986   $253,260
                                                              
Net income          $5,402    $2,305(a)     $7,551   $8,953   $24,211
                                                              
Earnings per                                                  
common share(b)
                                                              
 Basic                  $.21     $.09         $.30     $.34      $.95
 Diluted                $.21     $.09         $.28     $.32      $.92
                                                              
1997                                                          
Total revenue       $121,424  $118,986    $125,240  $134,638  $500,288
                                                              
Gross profit         $48,122   $51,440     $51,559   $59,932  $211,053
                                                              
Net income            $2,260    $3,470      $5,257    $6,421   $17,408
                                                              
Earnings per                                                  
  common share(c)
                                                              
 Basic                  $.10      $.16        $.23      $.27      $.77
                                                              
 Diluted                $.10      $.16        $.22      $.26      $.76
                                                              


(a) The  second  quarter  of  1998 results include  non-recurring
    charges  of  $3,600 pre-tax ($3,130 after tax)  or  $.12  per
    share related to the acquisition of Cox Pharmaceuticals. (See
    Note 4.)

(b) The  sum of the earnings per share for the four quarters  in
    1998  does  not equal the total for the year due  to  higher
    dilution  in the third and fourth quarter calculations  from
    the  effect  of the convertible debt using the  if-converted
    method. The convertible debt was anti-dilutive for the  year
    and therefore not included in the full year calculation.

(c) The  sum of the earnings per share for the four quarters  in
    1997 does not equal the total for the year due to higher net
    income  recognized in the third and fourth quarters combined
    with a higher number of shares outstanding during the second
    half  of  the year which does not have the same proportional
    effect on the total year calculation.


22.  Subsequent Events

New bank credit facility:

     In January 1999, the Company signed a $300,000 credit
agreement with a consortium of banks. (See Note 9.)

Merger of Wade Jones distribution business:

In January 1999, the AHD contributed the distribution business of its
Wade Jones Company ("WJ") into a partnership with G&M Animal
Health Distributors and T&H Distributors. The WJ distribution
business which was merged had annual sales of approximately
$30,000 and assets (primarily accounts receivable and inventory)
of less than $10,000. WJ will own 50% of the new entity, WYNCO
LLC ("WYNCO").

    WYNCO is a regional distributor of animal health products and
services primarily to integrated poultry and swine producers and
independent dealers operating in the Central South West and
Eastern regions of the U.S. WYNCO will be the exclusive
distributor for the Company's animal health products.
Manufacturing and premixing operations at Wade Jones will remain
part of the Company.

Strategic alliance with Ascent Pediatrics:

    On  February  4,  1999,  the Company  entered  into  a  loan
agreement  with Ascent Pediatrics, Inc. ("Ascent")  under  which
the Company will provide up to $40,000 in loans to Ascent to  be
evidenced  by  7 1/2% convertible subordinated  notes  due  2005.
Pursuant to the loan agreement, up to $12,000 of the proceeds of
the  loans  can  be  used for general corporate  purposes,  with
$28,000  of  proceeds  reserved for  projects  and  acquisitions
intended to enhance growth of Ascent.
    
     In addition, Ascent and the Company have entered into an
agreement under which the Company will have the option during the
first half of 2002 to acquire all of the then outstanding shares
of Ascent for cash at a price to be determined by a formula based
on Ascent's operating income.

     The  transactions are subject to the approval  of  Ascent's
stockholders at a meeting expected to be held during the  second
quarter of 1999.
    
    
    






</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>2
<TEXT>




                                                   EXECUTION COPY







                          $300,000,000

                        CREDIT AGREEMENT

                           dated as of
                                
                        January 20, 1999,

                              among

                       ALPHARMA U.S. INC.


                          as Borrower,

                    THE BANKS NAMED HEREIN,

                           as Banks,

                      UNION BANK OF NORWAY

                          as Arranger,

                      DEN NORSKE BANK ASA,
                                
                         as Co-Arranger
                                
                               and

                     UNION BANK OF NORWAY,

                            as Agent

                       TABLE OF CONTENTS


ARTICLE I - DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS                    1
     
     1.1. Defined Terms                                         1
     1.2. Computation of Time Periods                          18
     1.3. Accounting Terms                                     18

ARTICLE II - AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TERM LOANS                18
     
     2.1. The Term Loans                                       18
     2.2. Making the Term Loans                                19
     2.3. Termination/Reduction of the Term Loan Commitments   20
     2.4. Consolidation and Repayment of Term Loans            21

ARTICLE III - AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE REVOLVING LOANS          22
     
     3.1. The Revolving Loans                                  22
     3.2. Making the Revolving Loans                           23
     3.3. Termination/Reduction  of  the  Revolving   Credit
          Commitments                                          24
     3.4. Extension    of   Revolving   Credit    Commitment
          Termination Date                                     25

ARTICLE IV - AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE WORKING CAPITAL LOANS     26
     
     4.1. The Working Capital Loans                            26
     4.2. Making the Working Capital Loans                     27
     4.3. Termination/Reduction of the Working Capital  Loan
          Commitments                                          29
     4.4.  Letters of Credit                                   29
     4.5.  Obligations Absolute                                34

ARTICLE V - INTEREST, FEES, ETC.                               34
     
     5.1. Interest Period Election                             34
     5.2. Interest Rate                                        35
     5.3. Interest Rate Determination and Protection           36
     5.4. Prepayments                                          37
     5.5. Fees                                                 38
     5.6. Increased Costs                                      39
     5.7. Illegality                                           40
     5.8. Capital Adequacy                                     40
     5.9. Payments and Computations                            41
     5.10. Sharing of Payments, Etc.                           45

ARTICLE VI - CONDITIONS OF LENDING                             45
     
     6.1. Conditions Precedent to the Making of the  Initial
          Loans and/or Initial Issuance of Letters of Credit   45
     6.2. Conditions  Precedent to the Making of  Each  Loan
          and Issuance of Each Letter of Credit                47

ARTICLE VII - REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES                   47
     
     7.1. Corporate Existence                                  47
     7.2. Corporate    Power;   Authorization;   Enforceable
          Obligations.                                         47
     7.3. Taxes                                                48
     7.4. Financial Information                                49
     7.5. Litigation                                           49
     7.6. Margin Regulations                                   49
     7.7. ERISA                                                50
     7.8. No Defaults                                          50
     7.9. Investment Company Act                               50
     7.10. Insurance                                           51
     7.11. Environmental Protection                            51
     7.12. Regulatory Matters                                  51
     7.13. Title and Liens                                     51
     7.14. Compliance with Law                                 51
     7.15. Trademarks, Copyrights, Etc.                        52
     7.16. Disclosure                                          52
     7.18. Subsidiaries.                                       52
     7.19. Principal Subsidiaries.                             52
     7.20. Year 2000 Issue                                     52
     7.21.  Pari Passu Obligations                             53
     7.22. Corporate Headquarters                              53

ARTICLE VIII - AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS                           53
     
     8.1. Compliance with Laws, Etc.                           53
     8.2. Payment of Taxes, Etc.                               53
     8.3. Maintenance of Insurance                             53
     8.4. Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.            53
     8.5. Books and Access                                     54
     8.6. Maintenance of Properties, Etc.                      54
     8.7. Application of Proceeds                              54
     8.8. Financial Statements                                 54
     8.9. Reporting Requirements                               55
     8.10. Acquisition Related Loan                            56
     8.11. Additional Credit Support Documents                 56
     8.12.  Delivery of Opinions                               57
     8.13. Year 2000 Compliance                                57
     8.14 Pari Passu Obligations                               57
     8.15 Corporate Headquarters.                              57
     8.16 Indebtedness Under Other Facilities                  57

ARTICLE IX - NEGATIVE COVENANTS                                58
     
     9.1. Liens, Etc.                                          58
     9.2. Mergers                                              58
     9.3. Substantial Asset Sale                               58
     9.4. Transactions with Affiliates                         59
     9.5. Restrictions on Indebtedness                         59

ARTICLE X - EVENTS OF DEFAULT                                  60
     
     10.1. Events of Default                                   60

ARTICLE XI - THE AGENT AND WORKING CAPITAL AGENT               63
     
     11.1. Authorization and Action                            63
     11.2. The Agent's Reliance, Etc.                          63
     11.3. Union Bank of Norway and Den norske Bank AS         64
     11.4. Bank Credit Decision                                64
     11.5. Determinations Under Sections 6.1. and 6.2          65
     11.6. Indemnification                                     65
     11.7. Successor Agents/Working Capital Agents             66
     11.8. Notices and Forwarding of Documents to Banks        66

ARTICLE XII - MISCELLANEOUS                                    66
     
     12.1. Amendments, Etc.                                    66
     12.2. Notices, Etc.                                       67
     12.3. No Waiver; Remedies                                 68
     12.4. Costs; Expenses; Indemnities                        68
     12.5. Right of Set-off                                    70
     12.6. Binding Effect                                      70
     12.7. Assignments and Participation; Additional Banks     70
     12.8. GOVERNING LAW; SEVERABILITY.                        73
     12.10. SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL   73
     12.11. Confidentiality                                    73
     12.12. Section Titles                                     74
     12.13. Execution in Counterparts                          74
     SCHEDULES AND ANNEXES
     
     Annex  A                                                      -
          Pricing Grid     
     Schedule I                                                            -
          Lending Offices
     Schedule II                                                           -
          Commitments
     Schedule III                                                          -
          Restructuring Documents
     
     Schedule 7.2(a)(iv)                                              -
          Required Consents and Approvals
     
     
EXHIBITS

Exhibit A-1                              -          Form of  Term
                              Note
Exhibit A-2                                -            Form   of
                              Revolving Credit Note
Exhibit A-3                             -         Form of Working
                              Capital Note
Exhibit B                                  -            Form   of
                              Acquisition Related Guaranty
Exhibit C                                  -            Form   of
                              Intercreditor Agreement
Exhibit D                                -         Form of Notice
                              of Borrowing
Exhibit E                                -         Form of Parent
                              Guaranty
Exhibit F                                 -          [Intentional
                              omitted]
Exhibit G                                  -            Form   of
                              Subsidiary Guaranty
Exhibit H                                  -            Form   of
                              Assignment of Intercompany Note
Exhibit I                                -         Form of Notice
                              of Interest Period
Exhibit J-1                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of Kirkland & Ellis
Exhibit J-2                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of Robert Wrobel, Corporate Counsel
                              of the Borrower
Exhibit J-3                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of Watson, Farley & Williams
Exhibit J-4                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of Wikborg & Rein (Norwegian law)
Exhibit J-5                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of  Gorrissen & Federspiel  (Danish
                              law)
Exhibit J-6                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of  McCarter & English (New  Jersey
                              law)
Exhibit J-7                             -         Form of Opinion
                              of Bird & Bird (English law)
Exhibit K                                -         Form of Notice
                              of Assignment and Acceptance

     CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of January 20, 1999 among ALPHARMA
U.S.  INC.,  a Delaware corporation (together with its successors
and  assigns, the "Borrower"), the Banks parties hereto from time
to time (the "Banks"), UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent, UNION BANK
OF  NORWAY, as Arranger, DEN NORSKE BANK ASA, as Co-Arranger  and
Co-Syndication  Agent and SUMMIT BANK, as Working Capital  Agent,
Documentation Agent and Co-Syndication Agent.


                      W I T N E S S E T H:

      WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Banks  provide
financing for, among other things, (a) the refinancing of certain
existing  indebtedness  of  the  Borrower  and  (b)  for  general
corporate  purposes,  and the Banks are  willing  to  make  funds
available for such purposes, but only upon the terms and  subject
to the conditions contained herein;

      NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises  and  the
covenants  and  agreements contained herein  the  parties  hereto
agree as follows:


                           ARTICLE I

                DEFINITIONS AND ACCOUNTING TERMS

      1.1.       Defined  Terms.  As used in this Agreement,  the
following terms have the following meanings (such meanings to  be
equally applicable to both the singular and plural forms  of  the
terms defined):

      "Acquisition Related Guarantor" means an Affiliate  of  the
Borrower  to  whom the proceeds of a Borrowing are,  directly  or
indirectly,   made  available  for  purposes  of   effecting   an
acquisition of Equity or assets.

      "Acquisition  Related Guaranty" means  a  guaranty  of  the
obligations  of the Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents  made
by  an  Acquisition  Related  Guarantor  in  connection  with   a
Borrowing  made in respect of an acquisition of Equity or  assets
substantially in the form of Exhibit B hereto.

      "Affiliate" means, as to any Person, any Subsidiary of such
Person  and  any  other  Person which,  directly  or  indirectly,
controls,  is controlled by or is under common control with  such
Person. For the purposes of this definition, "control" means  the
possession  of  the  power to direct or cause  the  direction  of
management  and  policies  of  any Person,  whether  through  the
ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise  and  as
to  the  Parent  Guarantor and any of its Subsidiaries  shall  be
deemed to include (without limitation) A.L. Industrier AS.

     "Agency Fee" has the meaning specified in Section 5.5(c).

      "Agent" means Union Bank of Norway, in its capacity as  the
Agent, or any successor in such capacity.

       "Agreement"  means  this  Credit  Agreement,  as   further
modified, amended or supplemented from time to time.

      "Agreement  Date" means the date set forth as such  on  the
last signature page hereof.

      "Agreement Termination Date" means the first day  on  which
all the Commitments have been reduced to zero, this Agreement  is
terminated  and  no  Loan  Party has any obligations  outstanding
under this Agreement or any other Loan Document.

       "A.L.   Pharma  A/S"  means  A.L.  Pharma  A/S,  a  Danish
corporation.

     "Alpharma AS" means Alpharma AS, a Norwegian corporation.

      "Alternate  Base Rate" means a fluctuating rate  per  annum
equal  at  all times to the higher of (i) the Base Rate and  (ii)
the Federal Funds Rate, in each case plus the Applicable Margin.

      "Alternate Base Rate Working Capital Loan" means a  Working
Capital Loan bearing interest at the Alternate Base Rate.

      "Applicable  Law" means (a) all applicable common  law  and
principles of equity and (b) all applicable provisions of all (i)
constitutions,  statutes,  rules,  regulations  and   orders   of
governmental  bodies,  (ii)  governmental  approvals  and   (iii)
orders,  decisions, judgments and decrees of all courts  (whether
at law, in equity or admiralty) and arbitrators.

     "Applicable Margin" shall mean a percentage per annum
determined in accordance with the Pricing Grid.

      "Arrangement  Fee"  has the meaning  specified  in  Section
5.5(b).

     "Arranger" means Union Bank of Norway.

      "Assignment of Intercompany Note" means the Assignment made
by  the Parent Guarantor in favor of the Agent, substantially  in
the form of Exhibit H hereto.

      "Available Revolving Credit Commitment" means,  as  to  any
Bank,  at any time of determination, an amount equal to (x)  such
Bank's  Revolving Credit Commitment at such time minus  (y)  such
Bank's  aggregate Outstanding Revolving Extensions of  Credit  at
such time.

      "Base Rate" means the rate of interest announced from  time
to  time by the Working Capital Agent as its "base rate" or "base
lending rate".  This rate of interest is determined from time  to
time  by  the  Working Capital Agent as a means of  pricing  some
loans  to its customers and is neither tied to any external  rate
of  interest or index nor does it necessarily reflect the  lowest
rate of interest actually charged by the Working Capital Agent to
any  particular  class or category of customers  of  the  Working
Capital Agent.

      "Banks"  means  the lenders listed on the  signature  pages
hereof, and such other lenders as may become parties hereto  from
time to time pursuant to Section 12.7.

     "Borrower" has the meaning specified in the recitals hereof.

      "Borrowing"  means a Term Loan Borrowing, a Revolving  Loan
Borrowing  or a Working Capital Loan Borrowing (as the  case  may
be).

      "Business Day" means a day of the year on which  banks  are
not  required or authorized to close in New York City  and  Oslo,
Norway  and  on which dealings are also carried on in Dollars  in
the London interbank market.

      "Capital  Market  Transaction" means the  issuance  of  any
Equity  (including convertible debt securities but excluding  any
other debt securities), in each case whether by means of a public
offering, private placement, or other capital market method.

      "Capitalized  Lease" means, as applied to any  Person,  any
lease of property by such Person as lessee which is or should  be
capitalized  on  a  balance  sheet of  such  Person  prepared  in
accordance with GAAP.

      "Cash  Equivalents" means any one or more of the  following
instruments:

                 (a)   open-market  commercial  paper  issued  by
     corporations  organized  in the United  States  of  America,
     maturing  not later than 270 days after the date of issuance
     thereof and having at the time of acquisition a rating of at
     least  A-1 from Standard & Poor's Rating Group or  P-1  from
     Moody's Investors Services, Inc.

                (b)  readily marketable direct obligations issued
     by  the  United States of America, or by any agency  thereof
     that  are  unconditionally guaranteed or backed by the  full
     faith  and credit of the United States of America,  in  each
     case  maturing within one year from the date of  acquisition
     thereof; and

                 (c)    certificates  of  deposit   or   bankers'
     acceptances  maturing  within one  year  from  the  date  of
     creation thereof issued by any Bank or by a commercial  bank
     or  trust  company organized under the laws  of  the  United
     States  of America, or of any state thereof, having combined
     capital,  surplus  and undivided profits of  not  less  than
     $1,000,000,000 (or its equivalent in any other currency) and
     having,  in respect of its long-term senior debt securities,
     a  rating of at least A- from Standard & Poor's Rating Group
     or A3 from Moody's Investors Services, Inc.,

in  each case so long as the same (x) provide for the payment  of
principal  and  interest  (and not principal  alone  or  interest
alone)  and (y) are not subject to any contingency regarding  the
payment of principal or interest.

      "Change  in  Tax  Law"  means the enactment,  promulgation,
execution  or  ratification of, any tax treaty,  law  (including,
without limitation, the Code), rule or regulation (or any  change
in  the application or judicial, administrative or other official
interpretation of any treaty, law, rule or regulation).

     "Co-Arranger" means Den norske Bank ASA.

      "Code"  means  the Internal Revenue Code of  1986  (or  any
successor legislation thereto), as amended from time to time.

      "Commitment" means, as to any Bank, the aggregate  of  such
Bank's  Term Loan Commitment and Revolving Credit Commitment  and
"Commitments" means, as to all of the Banks, the aggregate of the
Term Loan Commitments and Revolving Credit Commitments of all the
Banks.

      "Commitment Fee" means any of the fees paid by the Borrower
pursuant to Section 5.5(a).

      "Consolidation" means any adjustment of Interest Periods in
respect  of Term Loans in accordance with Section 2.4(a) of  this
Agreement.

      "Consolidation Date" means the day that is six  (6)  months
after the Initial Funding Date with respect to Term Loans or such
earlier  date on which the Consolidation of Term Loans occurs  as
the Agent may designate by notice to the Banks.

       "Contaminant"   means  any  waste,  pollutant,   hazardous
substance,  toxic  substance,  hazardous  waste,  special  waste,
petroleum  or  petroleum  derived  substance  or  waste,  or  any
constituent  of such substance or waste, including any  substance
regulated under any Environmental Law.

      "Credit  Support Document" means the Parent  Guaranty,  the
Subsidiary  Guaranties, the Pledge Agreements, the Assignment  of
Intercompany Note and the Acquisition Related Guaranties.

      "Default" means any event which with the passing of time or
the giving of notice or both would become an Event of Default.

     "Documentation Agent" means Summit Bank, in its capacity as
Documentation Agent, or any successor in such capacity.

     "Dollars" and the sign "$" each mean the lawful money of the
United States of America.

     "Dumex" means Dumex - Alpharma A/S, a Danish corporation.

      "Earnings from Operations" has the meaning specified in the
Parent Guaranty.

      "EBITDA"  has  the meaning ascribed thereto in  the  Parent
Guaranty.

     "Effective Date" means the first day on which the conditions
set forth in Section 6.1 are satisfied or waived.

      "Environmental  Law" means the Comprehensive  Environmental
Response,  Compensation, and Liability Act  (42  U.S.C.  9601  et
seq.),  the  Hazardous  Material Transportation  Act  (49  U.S.C.
1801  et  seq.), the Resource Conservation and Recovery  Act  (42
U.S.C.  6901  et seq.), the Federal Water Pollution  Control  Act
(33  U.S.C. 12Sl et seq.), the Clean Air Act (42 U.S.C.  7401  et
seq.),  the  Toxic  Substances Control Act  (15  U.S.C.  2601  et
seq.), and the Occupational Safety and Health Act (29 U.S.C.  651
et  seq.), in each case as amended or supplemented from  time  to
time, and any analogous future federal or present or future state
or  local  statutes, including, without limitation,  transfer  of
ownership   notification  statutes  such  as   the   New   Jersey
Environmental  Cleanup  Responsibility  Act  (N.J.   Stat.   Ann.
13:lK-6 et seg.) and the Connecticut Industrial Transfer  Law  of
1985  (Conn.  Gen.  Stat. 22a-134 et seq.)  and  the  regulations
promulgated pursuant thereto.

      "Environmental  Liabilities and Costs"  means,  as  to  any
Person,  all liabilities, obligations, responsibilities, Remedial
Actions,   losses,   damages,  punitive  damages,   consequential
damages,  treble damages, costs and expenses (including,  without
limitation,  all reasonable fees, disbursements and  expenses  of
counsel,  expert and consulting fees, and costs of  investigation
and   feasibility  studies),  fines,  penalties,  sanctions   and
interest  incurred  as a result of any claim or  demand,  by  any
Person,  whether  based  in contract, tort,  implied  or  express
warranty,  strict  liability,  any  criminal  or  civil  statute,
including any Environmental Law, Permit, order or agreement  with
any   Government   Authority  or  other  Person,   arising   from
environmental,  health or safety conditions, or  the  Release  or
threatened   Release  of  a  Contaminant  into  the  environment,
resulting  from  the past, present or future operations  of  such
Person or its Subsidiaries.

      "Environmental  Lien"  means  any  Lien  in  favor  of  any
Governmental Authority for Environmental Liabilities and Costs.

      "Equity"  means  all  shares,  options,  equity  interests,
general or limited partnership interests, joint venture interests
or   participation  or  other  equivalents  (regardless  of   how
designated)  of  or in a corporation, limited liability  company,
partnership  or  other entity, whether voting or non-voting,  and
including,  without  limitation, common stock,  preferred  stock,
purchase rights, warrants or options for any of the foregoing.

      "Equity  Ratio"  has the meaning specified  in  the  Parent
Guaranty.

     "ERISA" means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of
1974  (or  any successor legislation thereto) and the  rules  and
regulations promulgated thereunder, as amended from time to time.

      "ERISA Affiliate" shall mean a corporation, partnership  or
other  entity which is considered one employer with the  Borrower
under Section 4001 of ERISA or Section 414 of the Code.

     "ERISA Event" means (i) a Reportable Event with respect to a
Title  IV Plan; (ii) the withdrawal of the Borrower, any  of  its
Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate from a Title IV Plan  subject
to  Section 4063 of ERISA during a plan year in which  it  was  a
substantial employer, as defined in Section 4001(a)(2) of  ERISA;
(iii)  the filing of a notice of intent to terminate a  Title  IV
Plan  or the treatment of a plan amendment as a termination under
Section 4041 of ERISA; or (iv) the institution of proceedings  to
terminate a Title IV Plan or Multiemployer Plan by the PBGC.

      "Eurocurrency  Liabilities" has the  meaning  specified  in
Regulation D.

      "Eurodollar  Loans"  means Loans bearing  interest  at  the
Eurodollar Rate plus the Applicable Margin.

      "Eurodollar Rate" means, for any Interest Period, the  rate
per  annum equal to (a) the rate quoted by the Agent as appearing
on  the Telerate Page 3750 or on any other relevant Telerate page
as  of 11:00 A.M. (London time) on the second Business Day before
the  first day of such Interest Period for a period equal to such
Interest  Period  or  (b) if such rate does  not  appear  on  the
Telerate  Page 3750 or on any other relevant Telerate page,  such
other  widely  published rate at which deposits  in  Dollars  are
offered  in  the  London interbank market at 11:00  A.M.  (London
time)  as the Agent may select on the second Business Day  before
the  first day of such Interest Period for a period equal to such
Interest Period.

      "Eurodollar  Reserve Requirement" means, at any  time,  the
then  current  maximum  rate for which  reserves  (including  any
marginal, supplemental or emergency reserve) are required  to  be
maintained  under  Regulation D by member banks  of  the  Federal
Reserve  System  in  New York City with deposits  exceeding  five
billion Dollars against Eurocurrency Liabilities.

      "Eurodollar Working Capital Loans" means a Working  Capital
Loan  bearing interest at the Eurodollar Rate plus the Applicable
Margin.

      "Event  of  Default" has the meaning specified  in  Section
10.1.

      "Federal  Funds  Rate" means, for any  day,  a  fluctuating
interest  rate  per  annum equal for such  day  to  the  weighted
average of the rates on overnight federal funds transactions with
members  of the Federal Reserve System arranged by federal  funds
brokers,  as  published for such day (or, if such day  is  not  a
Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal
Reserve  Bank  of New York, or, if such rate is not so  published
for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations
for  such  day  on such transactions received by the  Agent  from
three  federal funds brokers of recognized standing  selected  by
it.

      "Final  Judgment"  has  the meaning  specified  in  Section
10.1(f).

      "Fiscal Quarter" means any three month period ending  March
31, June 30, September 30 or December 31 of any Fiscal Year.

     "Fiscal Year" means each twelve-month period ending December
31,  or  such other fiscal year end date as may be determined  by
the Borrower following the Agreement Date.

     "GAAP" means generally accepted accounting principles in the
United  States of America as in effect from time to time and  set
forth  in the rules, regulations, opinions and pronouncements  of
the  Accounting  Principles Board and the American  Institute  of
Certified    Public   Accountants   and   the   statements    and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or in
such  other statements by such other entity as may be in  general
use  by  significant  segments of the accounting  profession  and
which  are  applicable to the circumstances as  of  the  date  of
determination.

      "GAAS" means generally accepted auditing standards  in  the
United  States of America as in effect from time to time and  set
forth  in the rules, regulations, opinions and pronouncements  of
the  Accounting  Principles Board and the American  Institute  of
Certified    Public   Accountants   and   the   statements    and
pronouncements of the Financial Accounting Standards Board, or in
such  other statements by such other entity as may be in  general
use  by  significant  segments of the accounting  profession  and
which  are  applicable to the circumstances as  of  the  date  of
determination.

     "Governmental Authority" means any nation or government, any
state  or  other  political subdivision thereof  and  any  entity
exercising   executive,  legislative,  judicial,  regulatory   or
administrative functions of or pertaining to government.

      "Indebtedness"  of any Person means at  any  date,  without
duplication,  (i)  all obligations of such  Person  for  borrowed
money,  including  obligations evidenced  by  bonds,  debentures,
notes or other similar instruments, (ii) all obligations of  such
Person  to  pay  the  deferred  purchase  price  of  Property  or
services, except as provided below, (iii) all obligations of such
Person  as lessee under Capitalized Leases, (iv) all Indebtedness
of  others  secured  by a Lien on any Property  of  such  Person,
whether  or not such Indebtedness is assumed by such Person,  (v)
all  Indebtedness of others directly or indirectly guaranteed  or
otherwise  assumed by such Person, including any  obligations  of
others endorsed (otherwise than for collection or deposit in  the
ordinary  course of business) or discounted or sold with recourse
by  such  Person, or in respect of which such Person is otherwise
directly or indirectly liable, including, without limitation  any
Indebtedness  in  effect guaranteed by such  Person  through  any
agreement  (contingent or otherwise) to purchase,  repurchase  or
otherwise acquire such obligation or any security therefor, or to
provide funds for the payment or discharge of such obligation, or
to  maintain the solvency or any balance sheet or other financial
condition  of  the obligor of such obligation (but not  including
any obligation under a performance bond), (vi) all obligations of
such Person as issuer, customer or account party under letters of
credit or bankers' acceptances that are either drawn or that back
financial  obligations that would otherwise be Indebtedness,  and
(vii)  for  purposes of Section 10.1(e) only, all obligations  of
such Person in respect of Swap Agreements.

     "Indebtedness for Borrowed Money" of any Person means at any
date, without duplication, Indebtedness described in clauses (i),
(iii), (v) and (vii) of the definition of Indebtedness.

     "Indemnified Liability" has the meaning specified in Section
12.4(b).

      "Indemnified Person" has the meaning specified  in  Section
12.4(b).

      "Initial Funding Date" means, with respect to each  of  the
Term  Loans, Revolving Loans and Working Capital Loans, the  date
on which (i) the conditions set forth in Sections 6.1 and 6.2 are
satisfied  or  waived and (ii) the initial Term Loans,  Revolving
Loans or Working Capital Loans, respectively, are made hereunder.

      "Intercreditor Agreement" means the Intercreditor Agreement
among  the  Agent, the Banks and the Other Lenders, substantially
in the form of Exhibit C hereto.

      "Interest  Period" means, with respect  to  any  Eurodollar
Loans,  (a)  in the case of the first such Interest  Period,  the
period commencing on the date such Loans are made and ending  (i)
six  months thereafter, in the case of Term Loans, and (ii)  one,
three  or  six  months (or 12 months, in accordance with  Section
5.1(b)) thereafter, in the case of Revolving Loans and Eurodollar
Working Capital Loans, as selected by the Borrower in its  Notice
of  Borrowing  or Notice of Interest Period given  to  the  Agent
pursuant to Section 2.2, 3.2, 4.2 or 5.1, as the case may be, and
(b)  thereafter,  the period commencing on the last  day  of  the
immediately preceding Interest Period and ending (i)  six  months
thereafter, in the case of Term Loans, and (ii) one,  three,  six
or  twelve months thereafter, in the case of Revolving Loans  and
Eurodollar Working Capital Loans, as selected by the Borrower  in
its  Notice of Interest Period given to the Agent or the  Working
Capital  Agent,  as  the case may be, pursuant  to  Section  5.1,
subject, however, to the following:

         (A) if any Interest Period would otherwise end on a  day
     that  is  not a Business Day, such Interest Period shall  be
     extended  to  the next succeeding Business Day,  unless  the
     result  of  such extension for any Loan would be  to  extend
     such  Interest Period into another calendar month, in  which
     event  such  Interest Period shall end  on  the  immediately
     preceding Business Day;

         (B)  any Interest Period in respect of Loans that begins
     on  the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on  a  day
     for  which there is no numerically corresponding day in  the
     calendar month at the end of such Interest Period) shall end
     on the last Business Day of a calendar month;

         (C)  no  Interest Period may extend beyond (I) the  Term
     Loan  Maturity Date, in the case of the Term Loans or   (II)
     the  Revolving Credit Commitment Termination  Date,  in  the
     case  of  Revolving  Loans  and Eurodollar  Working  Capital
     Loans; and

         (D)  there shall be outstanding at any one time  in  the
     aggregate  no more than (I) four (4) Interest Periods  prior
     to  the  Consolidation  Date and  one  (1)  Interest  Period
     thereafter,  with  respect  to  Term  Loans,  (II)  six  (6)
     Interest  Periods  (no more than four of which  may  have  a
     duration  of one month) with respect to Revolving Loans  and
     (III)  ten  (10) Interest Periods with respect to Eurodollar
     Working Capital Loans.

      "IRS"  means the Internal Revenue Service, or any successor
thereto.

      "Issuing  Bank" means Summit Bank or First  Union  National
Bank,  N.A.,  as  the case may be, as the issuer  of  Letters  of
Credit  hereunder, together with its successors  and  assigns  in
such capacity.

     "Lending Office" means, with respect to any Bank, the office
of  such Bank specified as its "Lending Office" opposite its name
on  Schedule I or such other office of such Bank as such Bank may
from time to time specify to the Borrower and the Agent.

     "Letter of Credit" has the meaning specified in Section 4.4.

      "Letter  of  Credit Documents" means, with respect  to  any
Letter of Credit, collectively, any application therefor and  any
other  agreements,  instruments, guarantees  or  other  documents
(whether general in application or applicable only to such Letter
of  Credit)  governing  or  providing  for  (a)  the  rights  and
obligations of the parties concerned or at risk with  respect  to
such  Letter of Credit or (b) any collateral security for any  of
such   obligations,  each  as  the  same  may  be  modified   and
supplemented and in effect from time to time.

      "Letter of Credit Liability" means, without duplication, at
any  time and in respect of any Letter of Credit, the sum of  (a)
the  undrawn  face amount of such Letter of Credit plus  (b)  the
aggregate   unpaid   principal  amount   of   all   Reimbursement
Obligations  of  the  Borrower at such time due  and  payable  in
respect  of  all drawings made under such Letter of Credit.   For
purposes  of  this Agreement, a Working Capital Bank (other  than
the  Issuing Bank) shall be deemed to a hold a Letter  of  Credit
Liability in an amount equal to its Ratable Portion of the Letter
of Credit under Section 4.4 hereof, and the Issuing Bank shall be
deemed to hold a Letter of Credit Liability in an amount equal to
its  retained  interest  in the related Letter  of  Credit  after
giving  effect  to the acquisition by the Banks  other  than  the
Issuing  Bank of their participation interests under said Section
4.4.

       "Lien"   means  any  mortgage,  deed  of  trust,   pledge,
hypothecation, assignment, deposit arrangement, encumbrance, lien
(statutory  or other), security interest or preference,  priority
or  other security agreement or preferential arrangement  of  any
kind  or  nature  whatsoever, including, without limitation,  any
conditional sale or other title retention agreement.

      "Loan  Documents" means (i) this Agreement, the Notes,  the
Credit Support Documents and the Intercreditor Agreement and (ii)
all   other  agreements,  documents  and  instruments  that   may
hereafter  be  entered into relating to or  arising  out  of  any
agreement, document or instrument referred to in clause (i).

      "Loan  Party" means any Person (other than the  Agent,  the
Banks,  the Arranger, the Co-Arranger, the Working Capital Agent,
the  Documentation Agent  and the Other Lenders) that is a  party
to a Loan Document.

      "Loans"  means, collectively, the Term Loans, the Revolving
Loans and the Working Capital Loans.

      "Majority Banks" means, at any time, Banks holding 66  2/3%
or  more  of  (a) until the Initial Funding Date, the Commitments
and  (b)  thereafter,  the sum of (i) the then  aggregate  unpaid
principal  amount of Term Loans held by the Banks  and  (ii)  the
Revolving   Credit  Commitments  or,  if  the  Revolving   Credit
Commitments  have  been  terminated, the  then  aggregate  unpaid
principal  amount of Revolving Loans, Working Capital  Loans  and
Letter of Credit Liabilities; provided, that for purposes of  the
last paragraph of Section 10.1(A) hereof, the relevant percentage
for determining Majority Banks shall be 51%.

     "Majority Working Capital Banks" means, at any time, Working
Capital Banks holding 66 2/3% or more of the aggregate amount  of
the Working Capital Loan Commitments.

      "Margin Ratio" means, as at the last day of any period, the
ratio  of  (a) Total Indebtedness on such day to (b)  EBITDA  for
such period, as calculated in accordance with Annex A hereto.

     "Margin Stock" has the meaning specified in Regulation U.

      "Material Adverse Change" means a change that has resulted,
or would result, in a Material Adverse Effect.

      "Material  Adverse Effect" means, in the  judgment  of  the
Majority  Banks  (or, for purposes of any notice  of  a  Material
Adverse  Effect to be given by a Loan Party, in the  judgment  of
such  Loan  Party), a material adverse effect  on  the  business,
financial condition, operations or Properties of the Borrower and
its  Subsidiaries or of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries
(as the case may be), in each case taken as a whole.

     "Material Credit Agreement Change" means, in the judgment of
the  Majority Banks (or, for purposes of any notice of a Material
Credit  Agreement  Change to be given by a  Loan  Party,  in  the
judgment  of  such  Loan  Party), a change  that  has  materially
adversely  affected  or  would materially  adversely  affect  the
legality, validity or enforceability of any payment obligation of
the  Borrower,  the  Parent  Guarantor,  any  of  the  Subsidiary
Guarantors  or  the  Acquisition Related  Guarantors  under  this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

      "Multiemployer Plan" means a multiemployer plan, as defined
in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA, to which the Borrower, any of its
Subsidiaries  or any ERISA Affiliate is making, is  obligated  to
make, has made or been obligated to make, contributions on behalf
of participants who are or were employed by any of them.

     "Net Cash Proceeds" means:

         (a) in reference to asset sales, proceeds in cash as and
     when received by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries, or
     the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries, from, or in
     connection  with, the sale by the Borrower  or  any  of  its
     Subsidiaries,  or  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  any  of   its
     Subsidiaries, to any Person (other than the Borrower or  any
     of  its Subsidiaries, or the Parent Guarantor or any of  its
     Subsidiaries) of any asset outside of the ordinary course of
     business  (including, without limitation, the  sale  of  any
     facility, division, plant or other real property or interest
     in  real  property outside the ordinary course of business),
     net  of  the  direct costs relating to such sale, including,
     without  limitation,  (i) legal, accounting  and  investment
     banking  fees  and  sale commissions,  (ii)  taxes  paid  or
     payable  as a result thereof (after taking into account  any
     available  tax  credits or deductions and  any  tax  sharing
     arrangements in each case arising directly from such  sale),
     (iii)  amounts  required to be applied to the  repayment  of
     Indebtedness  relating to the asset that is the  subject  of
     such  sale  and not otherwise provided for by the  terms  of
     such  sale, and (iv) reasonable reserves for purchase  price
     adjustments; and

         (b)  in reference to Capital Market Transactions by  any
     Person,  the  proceeds in cash received  from  such  Capital
     Market  Transactions, net of all issuance  fees,  discounts,
     and other costs.

For  purposes  of  this  definition,  proceeds  received  by  any
Subsidiary of the Borrower or of the Parent Guarantor other  than
a wholly owned Subsidiary shall be deemed to be Net Cash Proceeds
received  by  the  Borrower or the Parent Guarantor  only  in  an
amount  proportionate  to the equity ownership  interest  of  the
Borrower or the Parent Guarantor in the Subsidiary receiving such
proceeds.

      "New  Permitted Indebtedness" has the meaning specified  in
the Parent Guaranty.

       "Non-U.S.  Subsidiary"  means,  as  to  any  Person,  each
Subsidiary of such Person that is incorporated or organized under
the  laws  of  a  jurisdiction outside of the  United  States  of
America.

     "Notes" means the Term Notes, the Revolving Credit Notes and
the Working Capital Notes.

      "Notice  of  Assignment  and Acceptance"  has  the  meaning
specified in Section 12.7(a).

      "Notice  of  Borrowing"  means a  notice  of  the  Borrower
substantially in the form of Exhibit D hereto specifying  therein
(i) the date of the proposed Borrowing, (ii) the aggregate amount
of  such proposed Borrowing, (iii) the initial Interest Period or
Interest  Periods for such Loans and (iv) whether such  Borrowing
is  to be a Term Loan Borrowing, a Revolving Loan Borrowing or  a
Working Capital Loan Borrowing.

      "Notice  of  Interest Period" has the meaning specified  in
Section 5.1.

      "Original Banks" means each financial institution that is a
"Bank" as of the Agreement Date.

      "Other  Lenders" shall mean (i) as of the  Agreement  Date,
First  Union National Bank, and (ii) at any time thereafter,  the
banks  and  financial  institutions party  to  the  Intercreditor
Agreement at such time (other than the Banks and the Agent).

      "Outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit" means,  as  to
any  Bank  at  any time, the aggregate principal  amount  of  all
Revolving  Loans,  Working Capital Loans  and  Letter  of  Credit
Liabilities made by such Bank then outstanding.

       "Parent   Guarantor"  means  Alpharma,  Inc.,  a  Delaware
corporation.

     "Parent Guaranty" means the Guaranty dated as of January 20,
1999  made  by the Parent Guarantor in respect of the obligations
of  the Borrower pursuant to the Loan Documents, as the same  may
be further amended or modified from time to time.

      "PBGC"  means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation,  or
any successor thereto.

      "Pension Plan" means an employee pension benefit  plan,  as
defined  in  Section  3(2) of ERISA (other than  a  Multiemployer
Plan),  which  is not an individual account plan, as  defined  in
Section  3(34)  of  ERISA, and which the  Borrower,  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  or  any  ERISA  Affiliate  now  or  in  the  future
maintains,  contributes to or has an obligation to contribute  to
on  behalf  of participants who are or were employed  by  any  of
them.

     "Permit" means any permit, approval, authorization, license,
variance  or  permission  required from a Governmental  Authority
under an applicable requirement of law.

      "Permitted Indebtedness" has the meaning specified  in  the
Parent Guaranty.

      "Permitted Liens" has the meaning specified in  the  Parent
Guaranty.

      "Person"  means  an  individual,  partnership,  corporation
(including  a  business  trust),  joint  stock  company,   trust,
unincorporated  association, joint venture or  other  entity,  or
Governmental Authority.

      "Plan"  shall mean an employee benefit plan as  defined  in
Section  3(3) of ERISA which is maintained or contributed  to  by
the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate.

       "Pledge   Agreement"  means  each  pledge  made   by   the
Shareholders  of  a Pledge Subsidiary in favor of  the  Agent  on
behalf  of  the  Banks in respect of 65% of  the  total  combined
voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote (within the
meaning   of   Section  956  of  the  Code  and  the  regulations
thereunder)  of  such Pledge Subsidiary, in  form  and  substance
satisfactory to the Agent.

      "Pledge Subsidiary" means A.L.-Pharma A/S, Alpharma AS  and
each Principal Subsidiary that is a Non-U.S. Subsidiary.

     "Pricing Grid" shall mean the pricing grid attached hereto
as Annex A.

       "Principal  Subsidiary"  means  (a)  at  all  times,   the
Scandinavian Principal Companies, and (b) at any time (except  as
otherwise  provided  for  in this Agreement  or  any  other  Loan
Document), any Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor that  (i)  owns
more than 5% of the total assets of the Parent Guarantor and  its
Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, or (ii) is responsible  for
more  than  5% of the total revenues of the Parent Guarantor  and
its  Subsidiaries,  on a consolidated basis;  provided,  however,
that  on and as of the Agreement Date, Principal Subsidiary shall
mean  each of the entities listed on Schedule 5(n) to the  Parent
Guaranty  and  at  any  time thereafter, shall  mean  (except  as
otherwise  provided  for  in this Agreement  or  any  other  Loan
Document)  the  entities listed as "Principal  Subsidiaries"  (as
determined in accordance with this definition) on the certificate
of the Responsible Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor most
recently  delivered  pursuant to Section 6(g)(v)  of  the  Parent
Guaranty.

     "Prior UBN Facility" means the Credit Agreement dated as  of
September  28,  1994  as amended by (i) a Consent  and  Agreement
dated  as of December 19, 1994, (ii) an Amendment No. 2 to Credit
Agreement dated as of December 1, 1995, (iii) an Amendment No.  3
dated  as of February 26, 1997 and (iv) an Amendment No. 4  dated
as  of April 10, 1997 among the Borrower, the banks and financial
institutions  set forth therein, Union Bank of Norway,  as  agent
and arranger, and Den norske Bank ASA, as Co-Arranger.

      "Property"  means any interest in any kind of  property  or
asset,  whether real, personal or mixed, and whether tangible  or
intangible.

      "Qualified Plan" means an employee pension benefit plan, as
defined  in  Section  3(2)  of ERISA, which  is  intended  to  be
tax-qualified  under Section 401(a) of the Code,  and  which  the
Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate  now  or
in  the future maintains, contributes to or has an obligation  to
contribute to on behalf of participants who are or were  employed
by any of them.

      "Ratable  Portion" means, as to any Bank  at  any  time  of
determination, (i) with respect to Term Loans and Working Capital
Loans,  respectively,  the percentage obtained  by  dividing  the
amount  of  such  Bank's Term Loan Commitment or Working  Capital
Loan  Commitment,  as  the  case may be,  at  such  time  by  the
aggregate  amount of all of the Banks' Term Loan  Commitments  or
Working  Capital Loan Commitments, as the case  may  be  at  such
time,  (ii)  with  respect  to a Revolving  Loan  Borrowing,  the
percentage  obtained  by  dividing  the  amount  of  such  Bank's
Available  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  at  such  time  by  the
aggregate amount of all of the Banks' Available Revolving  Credit
Commitments  at  such  time,  (iii)  with  respect  to  a  Bank's
outstanding Revolving Loans, the percentage obtained by  dividing
the  aggregate  principal amount of all Revolving Loans  made  by
such  Bank then outstanding by the aggregate principal amount  of
all  Revolving Loans made by all the Banks then outstanding, (iv)
with  respect to Letters of Credit and any Working Capital Bank's
liability  thereunder, the percentage obtained  by  dividing  the
amount  of  such  Working  Capital Bank's  Working  Capital  Loan
Commitment by the aggregate amount of all of the Working  Capital
Banks'  Working Capital Loan Commitments and (v) with respect  to
the  aggregate amount of all Commitments, the percentage obtained
by  dividing  the  aggregate  Commitment  of  such  Bank  by  the
aggregate amount of all Commitments of all the Banks.

      "Register"  has  the meaning specified in  Section  12.7(g)
hereof.

       "Regulation  D",  "Regulation  T",  "Regulation   U"   and
"Regulation X" means Regulation D, T, U, and X, respectively,  of
the  Board  of  Governors of the Federal Reserve System  (or  any
successor  thereto),  as in effect from  time  to  time,  or  any
successor thereto.

       "Reimbursement  Obligations"  means,  at  any  time,   the
obligations  of  the  Borrower  then  outstanding,  or  that  may
thereafter  arise,  in  respect of all  Letters  of  Credit  then
outstanding,  to  reimburse amounts paid by the Issuing  Bank  in
respect of any drawings under a Letter of Credit.

      "Release"  means,  as to any Person,  any  release,  spill,
emission,   leaking,   pumping,  injection,  deposit,   disposal,
discharge,  disbursal, leaching or migration into the  indoor  or
outdoor environment or into or out of any property owned by  such
Person, including the movement of Contaminants through or in  the
air, soil, surface water, ground water or property.

      "Remedial Action" means all actions required to  (i)  clean
up, remove, treat or in any other way address Contaminants in the
indoor or outdoor environment, (ii) prevent the Release or threat
of  Release  or  minimize the further Release of Contaminants  so
they  do  not migrate or endanger or threaten to endanger  public
health or welfare or the indoor or outdoor environment, or  (iii)
perform  preremedial studies and investigations and post-remedial
monitoring and care.

      "Reportable  Event"  means any of the events  described  in
Section 4043(b)(1), (2), (3), (5), (6), (8) or (9) of ERISA.

      "Responsible  Financial Officer" of any  Person  means  the
chief   financial   officer,  treasurer,   assistant   treasurer,
controller,  secretary, assistant secretary or other  officer  of
such  Person  listed in the certificate delivered  to  the  Agent
pursuant  to  Section 6.1(a)(iii) or otherwise  notified  to  the
Agent  as  being authorized to execute documents and certificates
and  otherwise  act on behalf of such Person in  connection  with
financial matters arising under this Agreement or any other  Loan
Document.

      "Responsible  Officer"  of any  Person  means  any  of  the
officers  of  such Person listed in the certificate delivered  to
the  Agent pursuant to Section 6.1(a)(iii) or otherwise  notified
to the Agent as being authorized to execute and deliver documents
and  certificates and otherwise act on behalf of such  Person  in
all  matters  (other than financial matters) arising  under  this
Agreement or any other Loan Document.

      "Revolving  Credit Availability Period"  means  the  period
beginning  (x)  on  the Agreement Date, for purposes  of  Section
4.1(a)  hereof, and (y) February 5, 1999, for purposes of Section
3.1(a)  hereof,  and in each case ending on the Revolving  Credit
Commitment Termination Date.

      "Revolving  Credit Commitment" means, as to any  Bank,  the
obligation of such Bank, if any, to make Revolving Loans, Working
Capital Loans and to automatically acquire a participation in the
Issuing  Bank's  liability under any  Letters  of  Credit  in  an
aggregate  principal and/or face amount not to exceed the  amount
set   forth  under  the  heading  "Revolving  Credit  Commitment"
opposite  such Lender's name on Schedule II, as the same  may  be
changed from time to time pursuant to the terms hereof.

      "Revolving  Credit Commitment Termination Date"  means  the
earlier of (i) the day that is five (5) years after the Agreement
Date  or  such other day to which the Revolving Credit Commitment
Termination  Date  shall have been extended  in  accordance  with
Section  3.4  hereof and (ii) the date of the earlier termination
or  cancellation  in  full  of  the Revolving  Credit  Commitment
pursuant to the terms hereof, including pursuant to Section 10.1.

      "Revolving Note" means any promissory note in the  form  of
Exhibit A-2.

      "Revolving Loan" means a Loan made to the Borrower pursuant
to Section 3.1.

     "Revolving Loan Borrowing" means a borrowing by the Borrower
consisting of Revolving Loans made on the same day by  the  Banks
ratably   according   to   their  respective   Revolving   Credit
Commitments.

      "Scandinavian  Principal Companies" means Alpharma  AS  and
Dumex-Alpharma A/S.

      "Shareholder"  means, with respect to any corporation,  the
holder of any of the Equity of such Person.

      "Single-Employer Plan" shall mean a single employer plan as
defined in section 4001(a)(15) of ERISA which is subject  to  the
provisions of Title IV of ERISA.

     "Subordinated Indebtedness" has the meaning specified in the
Parent Guaranty.

       "Subsidiary"  means,  with  respect  to  any  Person,  any
corporation, partnership or other business entity of  which  more
than  50% of the outstanding Equity having ordinary voting  power
to  elect  a  majority of the board of directors of  such  entity
(irrespective of whether, at the time, Equity of any other  class
or  classes of such entity shall have or might have voting  power
by  reason of the happening of any contingency) is, or  of  which
more  than  50%  of  the interests in which  are,  at  the  time,
directly or indirectly, owned by such Person and/or one  or  more
Subsidiaries of such Person.

      "Subsidiary Guarantor" means each Principal Subsidiary that
is  incorporated  or organized under the laws of  a  jurisdiction
located in the United States of America.

      "Subsidiary  Guaranty" means any of the guaranties  of  the
obligations  of the Borrower delivered by each of the  Subsidiary
Guarantors, pursuant to this Agreement, substantially in the form
of Exhibit G hereto.

      "Summit  Bank Facility" means the $65,000,000 loan facility
made  available  to the Borrower pursuant to a  Credit  Agreement
dated  as  of  September 11, 1997 among the Borrower,  the  banks
named  therein,  Summit  Bank, as  agent,  and  Summit  Bank,  as
arranger (as amended from time to time).

      "Swap  Agreement" means, with respect to  any  Person,  any
obligation with respect to an interest rate or currency  swap  or
similar  obligation  obligating such  Person  to  make  payments,
whether  periodically  or upon the happening  of  a  contingency,
except that if any agreement relating to such obligation provides
for  the  netting  of  amounts payable  by  and  to  such  Person
thereunder or if any such agreement provides for the simultaneous
payment of amounts by and to such Person, then in each such case,
the amount of such obligation shall be the net amount thereof.

      "Tax"  means  any  federal, state, local  or  foreign  tax,
assessment  or  other governmental charge or levy (including  any
withholding  tax)  upon  a Person or upon its  assets,  revenues,
income or profits.

      "Tax Affiliate" means, as to any Person, (i) any Subsidiary
of  such Person, or (ii) any Affiliate of such Person with  which
such  Person files or is required to file consolidated,  combined
or unitary tax returns.

      "Term  Loan Availability Period" means the period beginning
on  February  5,  1999  and ending on the  Term  Loan  Commitment
Termination Date.

      "Term  Loan  Borrowing" means a borrowing by  the  Borrower
consisting  of  Term  Loans made on the same  day  by  the  Banks
ratably according to their respective Term Loan Commitments.

     " Term Loan Commitment" has the meaning specified in Section
2.1(a).

     "Term Loan Commitment Termination Date" means the earlier of
(i)  the  date that is sixty (60) days after the Agreement  Date,
(ii)  the  date  on  which a fourth Term Loan Borrowing  is  made
pursuant  to the terms of this Agreement, and (iii) the  date  of
the  earlier termination or cancellation in full of the Term Loan
Commitment  pursuant to the terms hereof, including  pursuant  to
Section 10.1.

      "Term  Loan" means a Loan made to the Borrower pursuant  to
Section 2.1.

     "Term Loan Maturity Date" means the sixth anniversary of the
Initial Funding Date with respect to Term Loans.

     "Term Note" means any promissory note in the form of Exhibit
A-1.

      "Title  IV  Plan"  means  a  Pension  Plan,  other  than  a
Multiemployer Plan, which is covered by Title IV of ERISA.

     "Total Indebtedness" means, for any period, all Indebtedness
of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries (on a consolidated
basis) (including Indebtedness under the Loan Documents) for such
period.

     "U.S." means the United States of America.

      "Vancomycin  Facility" means the $9,000,000  loan  facility
made  available  to Dumex-Alpharma A/S pursuant  to  a  Guarantee
Facility  Agreement dated December 20, 1995 among  Dumex-Alpharma
A/S,  Sparekassen  Bikuben  A/S and  Union  Bank  of  Norway,  as
guarantors, the lenders named therein, Union Bank of  Norway,  as
arranger, and Sparekassen Bikuben A/S, as agent (as amended  from
time to time).

     "Withdrawal Liability" means, as to any Person, at any time,
the  aggregate amount of the liabilities, if any, of such  Person
pursuant to Section 4201 of ERISA.

      "Working Capital Agent" means Summit Bank, in its  capacity
as the Working Capital Agent, or any successor in such capacity.

      "Working  Capital Banks" means Summit Bank and First  Union
National Bank, N.A.

      "Working  Capital Extensions of Credit"  means  as  to  any
Working Capital Bank at any time, an amount equal to the  sum  of
(a)  the aggregate principal amount of all Working Capital  Loans
made  by  such Working Capital Bank then outstanding and (b)  the
aggregate principal amount of such Working Capital Bank's Ratable
Portion of the Letter of Credit Liability at such time.

      "Working Capital Loan Borrowing" means a borrowing  by  the
Borrower consisting of Working Capital Loans made on the same day
by  the Working Capital Banks ratably according to the respective
Working Capital Loan Commitments.

     "Working Capital Loan" means a Loan made to the Borrower
pursuant to Section 4.1.

      "Working Capital Loan Commitment" means, as to any  Working
Capital  Bank,  the obligation of such Working Capital  Bank,  if
any, to make Working Capital Loans and to automatically acquire a
participation in the Issuing Bank's liability under  any  Letters
of  Credit  in  an aggregate principal amount not to  exceed  the
amount  set  forth  under  the  heading  "Working  Capital   Loan
Commitment" opposite such Working Capital Banks' name on Schedule
II,  as the same may be changed from time to time pursuant to the
terms hereof.

     "Working Capital Note" means any promissory note in the form
of Exhibit A-3.

      "Year  2000 Issue" means the failure of computer  software,
hardware  and firmware systems and equipment containing  embedded
computer   chips   to   properly  receive,   transmit,   process,
manipulate,  store, retrieve, re-transmit or  in  any  other  way
utilize  data and information due to the occurrence of  the  year
2000 or the inclusion of dates on or after January 1, 2000.

      1.2.       Computation of Time Periods.  In this Agreement,
in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to  a
later  specified date, the word "from" means "from and including"
and  the words "to" and "until" each mean "to but excluding"  and
the word "through" means "to and including".

      1.3.       Accounting  Terms.   All  accounting  terms  not
specifically defined herein shall be construed in accordance with
GAAP.


                           ARTICLE II

               AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE TERM LOANS

     2.1.      The Term Loans.

        (a)  Commitment to Lend.  On the terms and subject to the
conditions  contained  in  this Agreement,  each  Bank  severally
agrees  to  make up to four (4) Term Loans to the  Borrower  from
time   to  time  on  any  Business  Day  during  the  Term   Loan
Availability  Period, each such Loan being part of  a  Term  Loan
Borrowing,  in  an  aggregate amount not to exceed  at  any  time
outstanding  the amount set forth opposite such  Bank's  name  on
Schedule II as its "Term Loan Commitment" (as adjusted from  time
to   time  by  reason  of  assignments  in  accordance  with  the
provisions  of  Section 12.7 and as such amount  may  be  reduced
pursuant  to  Section 2.3, such Bank's "Term  Loan  Commitment");
provided,  however,  that  following  the  making  of  each  such
proposed  Term  Loan, (i) the aggregate principal amount  of  all
Term  Loans outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount  of
the  Term Commitments and (ii) the aggregate principal amount  of
all  Loans  outstanding shall not exceed the aggregate amount  of
the Commitments, in each case at such time.

         (b)  Evidence of Debt.  (i) Each Bank shall maintain  in
accordance  with  its usual practice an account or  accounts  and
shall receive from the Borrower (through the Agent) a single Term
Note  payable  to  the  order of such Bank, both  evidencing  the
Indebtedness to such Bank resulting from each Term Loan  made  by
such  Bank  to  the  Borrower from time to  time,  including  the
amounts  of principal and interest payable and paid to such  Bank
from time to time hereunder.

               (ii) The Register maintained by the Agent pursuant
     to  Section  12.7(g)  shall include  a  "Term  Loan  control
     account"  for each Bank, in which account shall be  recorded
     (A)  the  date  and  amount  of  each  Term  Loan  Borrowing
     hereunder,  (B)  the  amount  of  each  Bank's   Term   Loan
     comprising such Borrowing and the Interest Period applicable
     thereto, (C) the amount of any principal or interest due and
     payable  or  to become due and payable from the Borrower  to
     each Bank with respect to each such Term Loan hereunder  and
     (D)  the  amount of any sum received by the Agent  from  the
     Borrower with respect to such Term Loans hereunder and  each
     Bank's Ratable Portion thereof.
     
                (iii) The entries made in the Register in respect
     of  Term  Loans  shall  be conclusive and  binding  for  all
     purposes, absent manifest error.

      2.2.       Making  the  Term Loans.   (a)  Each  Term  Loan
Borrowing  shall  be made upon receipt of a Notice  of  Borrowing
given by the Borrower to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
York  City time) on the fifth Business Day prior to the  date  of
the proposed Term Loan Borrowing.

     (b)       The Agent shall give to each Bank prompt notice of
its  receipt  of a Notice of Borrowing in respect of  Term  Loans
and,  upon  its  determination thereof, notice of the  applicable
interest rate under Section 5.3(b). Each Bank shall, before 11:00
A.M.  (New York City time) on the date of the proposed Term  Loan
Borrowing,  make available for the account of its Lending  Office
to  the  Agent  at  its address referred to in Section  12.2,  in
immediately available funds, such Bank's Ratable Portion of  such
proposed Term Loan Borrowing. After the Agent's receipt  of  such
funds and upon fulfillment of the applicable conditions set forth
in  Article VI, the Agent will make such funds available  to  the
Borrower at the Agent's above-referenced address.

      (c)       Each Term Loan Borrowing pursuant to this Section
2.2  shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than $10,000,000
or  an  integral multiple of $5,000,000 in excess  thereof.   The
maximum  number  of  Term Loan Borrowings  permitted  under  this
Agreement shall be four (4).

      (d)       Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section
2.2  shall  be  irrevocable  and binding  on  the  Borrower.  The
Borrower  shall  indemnify each Bank against any  loss,  cost  or
expense  incurred  by such Bank as a result  of  any  failure  to
fulfill  on  or  before  the date specified  in  such  Notice  of
Borrowing  for such proposed Borrowing the applicable  conditions
set forth in Article VI, including, without limitation, any loss,
cost  or  expense  incurred  by  reason  of  the  liquidation  or
reemployment of deposits or other funds acquired by such Bank  to
fund any Term Loan Borrowing when such Term Loan, as a result  of
such failure, is not made on such date.  A certificate as to such
amounts  submitted  to the Borrower and the Agent  by  such  Bank
shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error.

     (e)       Unless the Agent shall have received notice from a
Bank  prior  to  the  date of any proposed  Term  Loan  Borrowing
pursuant  to  this  Section 2.2 that  such  Bank  will  not  make
available  to the Agent such Bank's Ratable Portion of such  Term
Loan Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has made such
Ratable  Portion available to the Agent on the date of such  Term
Loan  Borrowing in accordance with this Section 2.2 and the Agent
may,  in  reliance  upon such assumption, make available  to  the
Borrower  on  such date a corresponding amount.  If  and  to  the
extent that such Bank shall not have so made such Ratable Portion
available  to the Agent and the Agent has so made available  such
amount,  such Bank and the Borrower severally agree to  repay  to
the  Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount together
with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount  is
made  available  to the Borrower until the date  such  amount  is
repaid  to  the  Agent, at (i) in the case of the  Borrower,  the
interest rate applicable at the time to the Term Loans comprising
the  Term  Loan Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Bank,  the
Federal  Funds Rate. If such Bank shall repay to the  Agent  such
corresponding amount, such amount so repaid shall constitute such
Bank's  Term Loan as part of such Borrowing for purposes of  this
Agreement.  If  the  Borrower  shall  repay  to  the  Agent  such
corresponding amount, such payment shall not relieve such Bank of
any obligation it may have to the Borrower hereunder.

      (f)       The failure of any Bank to make the Term Loan  to
be made by it as part of any Term Loan Borrowing pursuant to this
Section  2.2  shall not relieve any other Bank of its obligation,
if  any,  hereunder to make its Term Loan on  the  date  of  such
Borrowing,  but no Bank shall be responsible for the  failure  of
any  other  Bank to make the Term Loan to be made by  such  other
Bank on the date of any such Term Loan Borrowing.

       2.3.        Termination/Reduction   of   the   Term   Loan
Commitments.

      (a)       Optional Reductions.  The Borrower shall have the
right,  upon  at  least five Business Day's prior  notice  (which
shall  be  irrevocable) to the Agent, to terminate  in  whole  or
permanently  reduce ratably in part the unused  portions  of  the
respective Term Loan Commitments of the Banks; provided, however,
that  each partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount  of
not  less  than $10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $5,000,000
(or  such lesser amount as may be necessary to reduce to zero the
amount of the Term Loan Commitments) in excess thereof; provided,
further,  that no such termination or reduction of the Term  Loan
Commitments  shall be permitted if, after giving  effect  thereto
and  to  any prepayments of the Term Loans made on the  effective
date  thereof, the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Term
Loans of all Banks would exceed the aggregate amount of the  Term
Loan   Commitments.   Once  canceled  pursuant  hereto,  no  such
canceled portion of the Term Loan Commitments may be reinstated.

      (b)       Cancellation of Unused Portion.  On the Term Loan
Commitment  Termination Date, the unused portion of  each  Bank's
Term  Loan  Commitment shall be canceled and will  no  longer  be
available for any Term Loan Borrowings thereafter.

      (c)        Payment  of  Cancellation and  Commitment  Fees.
Simultaneously with any termination, reduction or cancellation of
the  Term  Loan  Commitments pursuant to this  Section  2.3,  the
Borrower  shall pay to the Agent for the account of each relevant
Bank the applicable Commitment Fee, if any, on the amount of  the
Term Loan Commitments so terminated, reduced or canceled and owed
to  such  Bank through the date of such termination or reduction.
If  any  such termination, reduction or cancellation of the  Term
Loan Commitments occurs during the period from the Agreement Date
through  the second anniversary thereof, then the Borrower  shall
also pay to the Agent for the account of each Bank a cancellation
fee  equal to .25% of the amount of the Term Loan Commitments  so
terminated or reduced.

     2.4.      Consolidation and Repayment of Term Loans.

      (a)        Consolidation.   If  more  than  one  Term  Loan
Borrowing  is made, then on the Consolidation Date, the  Interest
Periods for the Term Loans shall be adjusted by the Agent so that
on  and after the Consolidation Date, there will be no more  than
one  (1)  Interest Period outstanding with respect  to  the  Term
Loans.   The Agent shall give the Banks 30 days' prior notice  of
the proposed Consolidation Date (which shall be no later than six
months  after  the  Initial Funding Date  with  respect  to  Term
Loans).   The  Borrower shall indemnify the Banks  in  accordance
with   Section  12.4(c)  for  any  costs  resulting   from   such
Consolidation.

       (b)         Repayment.   The  Borrower  shall  repay   the
outstanding  principal amount of the Term Loans  in  eleven  (11)
consecutive semi-annual installments in the amounts set forth  in
the  table below (subject to (x) proportional adjustment  in  the
event  that less than the full amount of the Term Loan Commitment
is  advanced  and  (y)  adjustment  to  reflect  any  prepayments
pursuant  to  Section 5.4); provided that, in any event,  on  the
Term  Loan  Maturity  Date,  the  Borrower  shall  pay  the  full
principal  amount  of  all Term Loans then outstanding  (together
with all accrued and unpaid interest thereon):

     The day that is the following
     number of months
     after the Initial Funding Date
      with respect  to  Term Loans Installment Amount

        12 months                         $2,500,000
        18 months                         $2,500,000
        24 months                         $7,500,000
        30 months                         $7,500,000
        36 months                         $7,500,000
        42 months                         $7,500,000
        48 months                         $7,500,000
        54 months                         $7,500,000
        60 months                         $7,500,000
        66 months                         $7,500,000
        72 months                       $35,000,000


                           ARTICLE III

            AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE REVOLVING LOANS

     3.1.   The Revolving Loans.

         (a) Commitment to Lend.  On the terms and subject to the
conditions  contained  in  this Agreement,  each  Bank  severally
agrees to make Revolving Loans to the Borrower from time to  time
on  any  Business  Day  during the Revolving Credit  Availability
Period,  each such Loan being part of a Revolving Loan Borrowing,
in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding such
Bank's  Available Revolving Credit Commitment (as  adjusted  from
time  to  time  by reason of assignments in accordance  with  the
provisions  of  Section 12.7 and as such amount  may  be  reduced
pursuant to Section 3.3); provided, however, that, following  the
making  of each such proposed Revolving Loan, (i) the Outstanding
Revolving Extensions of Credit of all the Banks shall not  exceed
the  aggregate amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments of  the
Banks  and  (ii) the Outstanding Revolving Extensions  of  Credit
made  by  any Bank shall not exceed such Bank's Revolving  Credit
Commitment, in each case at such time.

         (b)  Evidence of Debt.  (i) Each Bank shall maintain  in
accordance  with  its usual practice an account or  accounts  and
shall  receive from the Borrower a single Revolving  Credit  Note
payable  to  the order of such Bank, and both shall evidence  the
Indebtedness to such Bank resulting from each Revolving Loan made
by  such  Bank  to the Borrower from time to time, including  the
amounts  of principal and interest payable and paid to such  Bank
from time to time hereunder.

      (ii)  The  Register  maintained by the  Agent  pursuant  to
Section  12.7(g)(i)  shall  include  a  "Revolving  Loan  control
account"  for  each Bank, in which account shall be recorded  (A)
the  date  and amount of each Revolving Loan Borrowing hereunder,
(B)  the  amount  of each Bank's Revolving Loan  comprising  such
Borrowing  and  the Interest Period applicable thereto,  (C)  the
amount  of any principal or interest due and payable or to become
due  and  payable from the Borrower to each Bank with respect  to
each such Revolving Loan hereunder and (D) the amount of any  sum
received  by  the  Agent from the Borrower with respect  to  such
Revolving  Loans  hereunder  and  each  Bank's  Ratable   Portion
thereof.

      (iii)  The entries made in the Register in respect  of  the
Revolving Loans shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes,
absent manifest error.

        (c) Repayment of Revolving Loans.  (i) The Borrower shall
repay  the  outstanding principal amount of the  Revolving  Loans
(together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon)  in  full
on  the Revolving Credit Commitment Termination Date.  Within the
limits  of  each  Bank's Available Revolving  Credit  Commitment,
prior  to  the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment  Termination  Date,
amounts  borrowed  under  Section  3.1(a)  and  repaid   may   be
reborrowed under Section 3.1(a), subject to Section 3.2(c) below.

      (ii)    The Borrower shall indemnify the Banks pursuant  to
Section 12.4(c) in the event that any repayment shall be made  on
a  day other than the last day of an Interest Period for the Loan
or Loans being prepaid.

      3.2.   Making the Revolving Loans.  (a) Each Revolving Loan
Borrowing  shall be made upon receipt of a Notice  of  Borrowing,
given by the Borrower to the Agent not later than 11:00 A.M. (New
York  City time) on the fifth Business Day prior to the  date  of
the proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing.

      (b)     The Agent shall give to each Bank prompt notice  of
its  receipt  of  a Notice of Borrowing in respect  of  Revolving
Loans  and,  upon  its  determination  thereof,  notice  of   the
applicable  interest rate under Section 5.3(b). Each Bank  shall,
before  11:00  A.M.  (New York City time)  on  the  date  of  the
proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing, make available for the account
of  its Lending Office to the Agent at its address referred to in
Section 12.2, in immediately available funds, such Bank's Ratable
Portion  of  such  proposed Revolving Loan Borrowing.  After  the
Agent's  receipt  of  such  funds and  upon  fulfillment  of  the
applicable  conditions set forth in Article VI,  the  Agent  will
make  such  funds  available  to  the  Borrower  at  the  Agent's
aforesaid address.

      (c)     Each  Revolving  Loan Borrowing  pursuant  to  this
Section  3.2  shall be in an aggregate amount of  not  less  than
$10,000,000  or  an  integral multiple of  $5,000,000  in  excess
thereof  (or such lesser amount as may be necessary to draw  down
the  full  amount of the Available Revolving Credit Commitments).
The  maximum  aggregate number of Interest Periods  that  may  be
outstanding in respect of Revolving Loans at any one time is  six
(6).   The  maximum aggregate number of Revolving Loan Borrowings
comprised  of  Loans having an Interest Period of one  (1)  month
duration  that may be made during any 12 month period (commencing
with the Agreement Date) is four (4).

     (d)    Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 3.2
shall  be  irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.  The Borrower
shall  indemnify  each  Bank against any loss,  cost  or  expense
incurred by such Bank as a result of any failure to fulfill on or
before  the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing  for  such
proposed Borrowing the applicable conditions set forth in Article
VI,  including,  without limitation, any loss,  cost  or  expense
incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits
or  other funds acquired by such Bank to fund any Revolving  Loan
to  be made by such Bank as part of such proposed Revolving  Loan
Borrowing when such Revolving Loan, as a result of such  failure,
is  not  made  on  such date.  A certificate as to  such  amounts
submitted  to  the Borrower and the Agent by such Bank  shall  be
conclusive and binding, absent manifest error.

      (e)     Unless the Agent shall have received notice from  a
Bank  prior to the date of any proposed Revolving Loan  Borrowing
pursuant  to  this  Section 3.2 that  such  Bank  will  not  make
available  to  the  Agent  such Bank's Ratable  Portion  of  such
Revolving Loan Borrowing, the Agent may assume that such Bank has
made  such Ratable Portion available to the Agent on the date  of
such Revolving Loan Borrowing in accordance with this Section 3.2
and  the  Agent  may,  in  reliance upon  such  assumption,  make
available to the Borrower on such date a corresponding amount. If
and  to  the  extent that such Bank shall not have so  made  such
Ratable Portion available to the Agent and the Agent has so  made
available such amount, such Bank and the Borrower severally agree
to  repay  to  the  Agent forthwith on demand such  corresponding
amount together with interest thereon, for each day from the date
such amount is made available to the Borrower until the date such
amount  is  repaid  to  the Agent, at (i)  in  the  case  of  the
Borrower,  the  interest  rate applicable  at  the  time  to  the
Revolving Loan comprising such Revolving Loan Borrowing and  (ii)
in  the  case of such Bank, the Federal Funds Rate. If such  Bank
shall  repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such  amount
so  repaid shall constitute such Bank's Revolving Loan as part of
such  Borrowing for purposes of this Agreement. If  the  Borrower
shall  repay to the Agent such corresponding amount, such payment
shall not relieve such Bank of any obligation it may have to  the
Borrower hereunder.

     (f)    The failure of any Bank to make the Revolving Loan to
be made by it as part of any Revolving Loan Borrowing pursuant to
this  Section  3.2  shall  not relieve  any  other  Bank  of  its
obligation, if any, hereunder to make its Revolving Loan  on  the
date of such Borrowing, but no Bank shall be responsible for  the
failure  of any other Bank to make the Revolving Loan to be  made
by  such  other  Bank  on  the date of any  such  Revolving  Loan
Borrowing.

       3.3.    Termination/Reduction   of  the  Revolving  Credit
Commitments.

      (a)     Optional Reductions.  The Borrower shall  have  the
right,  upon at least fifteen Business Days' prior notice to  the
Agent,  to  terminate in whole or permanently reduce  ratably  in
part  the  unused  portions  of the respective  Revolving  Credit
Commitments  of the Banks; provided, however, that  each  partial
reduction  shall  be in the aggregate amount  of  not  less  than
$10,000,000 or an integral multiple of $2,000,000 (or such  other
lesser amount as may be necessary to reduce to zero the amount of
the  Revolving  Credit Commitments) in excess thereof;  provided,
further,  that no such termination or reduction of the  Revolving
Credit  Commitments  shall be permitted if, after  giving  effect
thereto and to any prepayments of the Loans made on the effective
date  thereof, the Outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit  of
all the Bank's would exceed the aggregate amount of the Revolving
Credit  Commitments  or the Outstanding Revolving  Extensions  of
Credit  of  any  Bank would exceed such Bank's  Revolving  Credit
Commitment.   Once  canceled pursuant hereto,  no  such  canceled
portion of the Revolving Credit Commitments may be reinstated.

      (b)     Payment of Cancellation and Commitment  Fees.   (i)
Simultaneously with any termination, reduction or cancellation of
the Revolving Credit Commitment pursuant to this Section 3.3, the
Borrower shall pay to the Agent for the account of each Bank  the
applicable Commitment Fee, if any, on the amount of the Revolving
Credit  Commitments so terminated, reduced or cancelled and  owed
to such Bank through the date of such termination or reduction.

             (ii)  If  any such termination or reduction  of  the
     Revolving  Credit Commitments occurs during the period  from
     the  Agreement Date through the second anniversary  thereof,
     then  the  Borrower  shall also pay to  the  Agent  for  the
     account of each Bank a cancellation fee equal to 1/4 of 1%  on
     the amount of the Revolving Credit Commitments so terminated
     or reduced.

      3.4.  Extension of Revolving Credit Commitment  Termination
Date.   (a)  On or before the third anniversary of the  Agreement
Date,   the  Borrower  may  request  that  the  Revolving  Credit
Commitment  Termination Date be extended for  an  additional  one
year  period  by submitting a request in writing  to  the  Agent;
provided, however, that the Borrower may not submit in total more
than  two  (2)  such requests for an extension of  the  Revolving
Credit  Commitment  Termination Date.  The Agent  shall  promptly
inform  the  Banks  of  such  request.   Each  Bank  shall   then
determine,  in its sole discretion, whether the Revolving  Credit
Commitment Termination Date will be extended as to its  Revolving
Loans and/or Working Capital Loans, as the case may be, and  such
Bank  shall  inform the Agent of its decision within 20  days  of
being informed of the Borrower's request.  Failure by any Bank to
so inform the Agent shall be deemed to constitute non-approval by
such  Bank of the request for extension.  The Agent shall  inform
the  Borrower within three months of the time when the Borrower's
request was received whether its request for an extension of  the
Revolving  Credit Commitment Termination Date has  been  approved
and  by  which  Banks.  If all the Banks consent in writing,  the
then  applicable Revolving Loan Commitment Termination Date shall
be  extended for one year effective as of the first day that  all
of the Banks have so consented in writing.

         (b)  Extension Fee.  Upon approval of each extension  of
the  Revolving  Credit Commitment Termination Date in  accordance
with  the  terms hereof, the Borrower shall pay to the Agent  for
the  account of each Bank that has approved the extension of  the
Revolving Credit Commitment Termination Date a fee equal to  1/8%
of each such Bank's Outstanding Revolving Extensions of Credit.

         (c)   Non-Extending Banks.  If not all the Banks consent
to  such an extension pursuant to this Section 3.4 (the Banks  so
consenting in writing being the "Consenting Banks" and  any  Bank
not  so  consenting being a "Non-Consenting Bank"), the  Borrower
may  require such Non-Consenting Bank to assign, to one  or  more
Consenting  Banks  or  to  any other  assignee  which  meets  the
requirements  of  clauses (A) or (B) of Section 12.7(a),  all  of
such  Non-Consenting Bank's Revolving Credit Commitment  and,  if
applicable,  Working Capital Loan Commitment and  obligations  in
respect thereof under this Agreement by delivering to the Agent a
Notice  of Assignment and Acceptance, which shall have effect  as
provided  in  Section  12.7(c), and the  Revolving  Credit  Notes
and/or  Working  Capital Notes held by such Non-Consenting  Bank;
provided,  however, that (A) any assignee of the Commitments  and
obligations of such Non-Consenting Bank shall have consented  and
shall  have  paid  to  such  Non-Consenting  Bank  the  aggregate
principal amount of, and any interest accrued and unpaid  to  the
date  of  the  assignment on, the Note  or  Notes  of  such  Non-
Consenting Bank being assigned , (B) the Borrower shall have paid
all accrued and unpaid fees owing to such Non-Consenting Bank  in
respect  of Revolving Loans, Working Capital Loans and/or  Letter
of  Credit  Liabilities, as the case may be, under this Agreement
and the recording fee due pursuant to Section 12.7(a) and (C) the
Borrower  shall have, at its own expense, executed and  delivered
to  the  Agent new Revolving Credit Notes and/or Working  Capital
Notes  payable  to  the  order  of each  assignee  of  such  Non-
Consenting Bank, in the amount of each such assignee's  Revolving
Credit  Commitment and/or Working Capital Commitment,  and  dated
the date the assignment is effective.


                           ARTICLE IV

         AMOUNT AND TERMS OF THE WORKING CAPITAL LOANS

        4.1.   The Working Capital Loans

           (a)  Commitment to Lend.  On the terms and subject  to
the  conditions contained in this Agreement, each Working Capital
Bank  severally agrees to make a portion of the credit  otherwise
available  to the Borrower under the Revolving Credit Commitments
(and in addition to the issuance of Letters of Credit provided by
Section  4.4) to make Working Capital Loans to the Borrower  from
time  to  time  on  any Business Day during the Revolving  Credit
Availability  Period,  each such Loan being  part  of  a  Working
Capital  Loan Borrowing; provided, however, that in no event  may
Working  Capital  Loans be borrowed hereunder  if,  after  giving
effect thereto (x) the aggregate Outstanding Revolving Extensions
of  Credit  of  any  Bank at such time would exceed  such  Bank's
Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the aggregate principal amount
of  Working  Capital  Extensions of Credit made  by  any  Working
Capital  Bank  then outstanding would exceed the Working  Capital
Loan Commitment of such Working Capital Bank.

         (b)  Evidence  of Debt.  (i) Each Working  Capital  Bank
shall  maintain in accordance with its usual practice an  account
or  accounts and shall receive from the Borrower a single Working
Capital  Note payable to the order of such Working Capital  Bank,
evidencing   the  Indebtedness  to  such  Working  Capital   Bank
resulting  from  each Working Capital Loan made by  such  Working
Capital  Bank  to the Borrower from time to time,  including  the
amounts  of  principal  and interest payable  and  paid  to  such
Working Capital Bank from time to time hereunder.

      (ii)  The Register maintained by the Working Capital  Agent
pursuant to Section 12.7(g)(ii) shall include a "Working  Capital
Loan  control  account" for each Working Capital Bank,  in  which
account shall be recorded (A) the date and amount of each Working
Capital  Loan Borrowing hereunder, (B) the amount of each Working
Capital Bank's Working Capital Loan comprising such Borrowing and
the  Interest  Period applicable thereto, (C) the amount  of  any
principal  or  interest due and payable  or  to  become  due  and
payable  from  the  Borrower to each Working  Capital  Bank  with
respect  to each such Working Capital Loan hereunder and (D)  the
amount of any sum received by the Working Capital Agent from  the
Borrower with respect to such Working Capital Loans hereunder and
each Working Capital Bank's Ratable Portion thereof.

      (iii)  The entries made in the Register in respect  of  the
Working  Capital  Loans shall be conclusive and binding  for  all
purposes, absent manifest error.

        (c) Repayment of Working Capital Loans.  (i) The Borrower
shall  repay  the  outstanding principal amount  of  the  Working
Capital  Loans  (together with all accrued  but  unpaid  interest
thereon)  in  full on the Revolving Credit Commitment Termination
Date.   Within the limits of each Working Capital Bank's  Working
Capital  Loan  Commitment and Available Revolving  Extensions  of
Credit,  prior  to  the  Revolving Credit Commitment  Termination
Date,  amounts  borrowed under Section 4.1(a) and repaid  may  be
reborrowed under Section 4.1(a), subject to Section 4.2(c) below.

      (ii)    The  Borrower shall indemnify the  Working  Capital
Banks pursuant to Section 12.4(c) in the event that any repayment
shall  be  made on a day other than the last day of  an  Interest
Period for the Loan or Loans being prepaid.

      4.2.    Making the Working Capital Loans.  (a) Each Working
Capital Loan Borrowing shall be made upon receipt of a Notice  of
Borrowing, given by the Borrower to the Working Capital Agent not
later  than  11:00  A.M. (New York City time) on  the  (i)  third
Business  Day  prior to the date of the proposed Working  Capital
Loan Borrowing in the case of Eurodollar Working Capital Loans or
(ii)  the same Business Day of the proposed Working Capital  Loan
Borrowing  in  the  case of Alternate Base Rate  Working  Capital
Loans.

      (b)    The Working Capital Agent shall give to each Working
Capital  Bank  prompt  notice  of its  receipt  of  a  Notice  of
Borrowing in respect of Working Capital Loans, the amount thereof
requested  as  Eurodollar Working Capital Loans and as  Alternate
Base  Rate Working Capital Loans, and, in the case of a requested
Eurodollar  Working  Capital Loan and upon  the  Working  Capital
Agent's  determination thereof, notice of the applicable interest
rate  under  Section  5.3(b). Each Working  Capital  Bank  shall,
before  11:00  A.M.  (New York City time)  on  the  date  of  the
proposed Working Capital Loan Borrowing, make available  for  the
account of its Lending Office to the Working Capital Agent at its
address  referred  to  in Section 12.2, in immediately  available
funds,  such  Working  Capital Bank's  Ratable  Portion  of  such
proposed  Working  Capital  Loan  Borrowing.  After  the  Working
Capital Agent's receipt of such funds and upon fulfillment of the
applicable  conditions set-forth in Article VI,  the  Agent  will
make  such funds available to the Borrower at the Working Capital
Agent's aforesaid address.

      (c)   Each Working Capital Loan Borrowing pursuant to  this
Section 4.2 shall be in an aggregate amount of not less than  (i)
$1,000,000  or  an  integral multiple  of  $1,000,000  in  excess
thereof,  in  the case of Eurodollar Working Capital  Loans,  and
(ii)  $100,000  or  an integral multiple of  $100,000  in  excess
thereof, in the case of Alternate Base Rate Working Capital Loans
(or,  in  either case, such lesser amount as may be necessary  to
draw   down   the  full  amount  of  the  Working  Capital   Loan
Commitment).  The maximum number of Interest Periods that may  be
outstanding in respect of Eurodollar Working Capital Loans at any
one time is ten (10).

     (d)    Each Notice of Borrowing pursuant to this Section 4.2
shall  be  irrevocable and binding on the Borrower.  The Borrower
shall indemnify each Working Capital Bank against any loss,  cost
or  expense incurred by such Working Capital Bank as a result  of
any  failure to fulfill on or before the date specified  in  such
Notice  of  Borrowing for such proposed Borrowing the  applicable
conditions   set   forth  in  Article  VI,   including,   without
limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason  of  the
liquidation  or reemployment of deposits or other funds  acquired
by  such Working Capital Bank to fund any Working Capital Loan to
be  made  by  such Working Capital Bank as part of such  proposed
Working Capital Loan Borrowing when such Working Capital Loan, as
a  result  of  such  failure,  is  not  made  on  such  date.   A
certificate as to such amounts submitted to the Borrower and  the
Working  Capital  Agent  by such Working Capital  Bank  shall  be
conclusive and binding, absent manifest error.

      (e)    Unless the Working Capital Agent shall have received
notice  from  a  Working Capital Bank prior to the  date  of  any
proposed Working Capital Loan Borrowing pursuant to this  Section
4.2 that such Working Capital Bank will not make available to the
Working Capital Agent such Working Capital Bank's Ratable Portion
of such Working Capital Loan Borrowing, the Working Capital Agent
may  assume that such Working Capital Bank has made such  Ratable
Portion  available to the Working Capital Agent on  the  date  of
such  Working  Capital  Loan Borrowing in  accordance  with  this
Section  4.2 and the Working Capital Agent may, in reliance  upon
such  assumption, make available to the Borrower on such  date  a
corresponding  amount.  If and to the extent  that  such  Working
Capital  Bank  shall  not  have  so  made  such  Ratable  Portion
available  to  the Working Capital Agent and the Working  Capital
Agent  has  so  made available such amount, such Working  Capital
Bank  and  the Borrower severally agree to repay to  the  Working
Capital  Agent  forthwith  on demand  such  corresponding  amount
together  with interest thereon, for each day from the date  such
amount  is  made available to the Borrower until  the  date  such
amount is repaid to the Working Capital Agent, at (i) in the case
of  the Borrower, the interest rate applicable at the time to the
Working  Capital  Loan  comprising  such  Working  Capital   Loan
Borrowing and (ii) in the case of such Working Capital Bank,  the
Federal  Funds Rate. If such Working Capital Bank shall repay  to
the  Working Capital Agent such corresponding amount, such amount
so  repaid  shall constitute such Working Capital Bank's  Working
Capital  Loan  as  part of such Borrowing for  purposes  of  this
Agreement.  If  the Borrower shall repay to the  Working  Capital
Agent  such corresponding amount, such payment shall not  relieve
such  Working Capital Bank of any obligation it may have  to  the
Borrower hereunder.

      (f)    The failure of any Working Capital Bank to make  the
Working  Capital  Loan to be made by it as part  of  any  Working
Capital  Loan  Borrowing pursuant to this Section 4.2  shall  not
relieve any other Working Capital Bank of its obligation, if any,
hereunder  to make its Working Capital Loan on the date  of  such
Borrowing,  but no Working Capital Bank shall be responsible  for
the failure of any other Working Capital Bank to make the Working
Capital Loan to be made by such other Working Capital Bank on the
date of any such Working Capital Loan Borrowing.

      4.3.    Termination/Reduction of the Working  Capital  Loan
Commitments.  The Borrower shall have the right,  upon  at  least
thirty  days'  prior  notice  to the Working  Capital  Agent,  to
terminate  in  whole or permanently reduce ratably  in  part  the
unused   portions   of  the  respective  Working   Capital   Loan
Commitments of the Working Capital Banks; provided, however, that
(i)  each  partial reduction shall be in the aggregate amount  of
not  less  than $5,000,000 or an integral multiple of  $1,000,000
(or  such  other lesser amount as may be necessary to  reduce  to
zero  the  amount  of  the Working Capital Loan  Commitments)  in
excess  thereof; (ii) the reduction or termination of the Working
Capital  Loan Commitment pursuant hereto shall have no effect  on
the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Working Capital Banks  or
on  the obligation of the Working Capital Banks to make Revolving
Loans;  and (iii) no such termination or reduction of the Working
Capital  Loan  Commitments shall be permitted  if,  after  giving
effect  thereto and to any prepayments of the Loans made  on  the
effective  date thereof, (x) the aggregate Outstanding  Revolving
Extensions  of  Credit  of  any Bank  would  exceed  such  Bank's
Revolving Credit Commitment or (y) the Working Capital Extensions
of  Credit  of  any  Working Capital Bank then outstanding  would
exceed   such   Working  Capital  Bank's  Working  Capital   Loan
Commitment.

       4.4.   Letters  of  Credit.   Subject  to  the  terms  and
conditions of this Agreement, the Revolving Credit Commitments of
the  Working Capital Banks may be utilized, upon the  request  of
the Borrower, in addition to the Revolving Loans provided for  by
Section 3.1 and the Working Capital Loans provided for by Section
4.1  hereof,  by the issuance by an Issuing Bank  of  Letters  of
Credit (collectively, the "Letters of Credit") for the account of
the  Borrower or any of the Principal Subsidiaries (as  specified
by  the  Borrower),  provided that in  no  event  shall  (i)  the
aggregate  amount  of  the Working Capital Extensions  of  Credit
exceed   the  aggregate  amount  of  the  Working  Capital   Loan
Commitments  as in effect from time to time, (ii)  the  principal
amount  of any Letter of Credit to be issued exceed the aggregate
amount  of  the  Available  Revolving Credit  Commitment  of  all
Working  Capital Banks immediately prior to the issuance of  such
Letter of Credit, (iii) any Letter of Credit be issued if,  after
giving   effect  thereto,  the  aggregate  Outstanding  Revolving
Extensions  of Credit of any Working Capital Bank  at  such  time
would   exceed  such  Working  Capital  Bank's  Revolving  Credit
Commitment, (iv) the outstanding aggregate amount of  all  Letter
of  Credit  Liabilities exceed $15,000,000 or (v) the  expiration
date  of  any Letter of Credit extend beyond the earlier  of  six
months after the Revolving Credit Commitment Termination Date and
the  date  12  months following the issuance of  such  Letter  of
Credit  (provided that if the expiration date of  any  Letter  of
Credit extends beyond the Revolving Credit Commitment Termination
Date,  the  Borrower shall provide to the Working  Capital  Agent
cash  collateral as security for the Letter of Credit Liabilities
in  an  amount  of  at  least  equal  to  the  Letter  of  Credit
Liabilities   under  such  Letter  of  Credit).   The   following
additional provisions shall apply to Letters of Credit:

           (a)  The Borrower shall give the Working Capital Agent
at least three Business Days' irrevocable prior notice (effective
upon  receipt)  specifying the Business Day (which  shall  be  no
later  than  30  days preceding the Revolving  Credit  Commitment
Termination  Date)  each Letter of Credit is to  be  issued,  the
Issuing  Bank in respect thereof and the account party or parties
therefor  describing in reasonable detail the proposed  terms  of
such Letter of Credit (including the beneficiary thereof) and the
nature  of  the  transactions  or  obligations  proposed  to   be
supported thereby (including whether such Letter of Credit is  to
be  a commercial Letter of Credit or a standby Letter of Credit).
Upon  receipt of any such notice, the Working Capital Agent shall
advise the Issuing Bank of the contents thereof.

           (b)  On each day during the period commencing with the
issuance  by the Issuing Bank of any Letter of Credit  and  until
such Letter of Credit shall have expired or been terminated,  the
Working  Capital  Loan  Commitment of each Working  Capital  Bank
shall be deemed to be utilized for all purposes of this Agreement
in an amount equal to such Working Capital Bank's Ratable Portion
of  the then undrawn face amount of such Letter of Credit.   Each
Working  Capital Bank (other than the Issuing Bank) agrees  that,
upon  the  issuance of any Letter of Credit hereunder,  it  shall
automatically  acquire  a participation  in  the  Issuing  Bank's
liability under such Letter of Credit in an amount equal to  such
Working  Capital  Bank's Ratable Portion of such  liability,  and
each  Working Capital Bank (other than the Issuing Bank)  thereby
shall  absolutely,  unconditionally and  irrevocably  assume,  as
primary  obligor  and not as surety and shall be  unconditionally
obligated to the Issuing Bank to pay and discharge when due,  its
Ratable Portion of the Issuing Bank's liability under such Letter
of Credit.

          (c)  Upon receipt from the beneficiary of any Letter of
Credit of any demand for payment under such Letter of Credit, the
Issuing  Bank  shall  promptly notify the Borrower  (through  the
Working  Capital Agent) of the amount to be paid by  the  Issuing
Bank as a result of such demand and the date on which payment  is
to  be made by the Issuing Bank to such beneficiary in respect of
such  demand.  Notwithstanding the identity of the account  party
of  any  Letter  of  Credit, the Borrower hereby  unconditionally
agrees,  as primary obligor and not merely as surety, to pay  and
reimburse  the  Working  Capital Agent for  the  account  of  the
Issuing Bank for the amount of each demand for payment under such
Letter  of  Credit  that is in substantial  compliance  with  the
provisions  of such Letter of Credit at or prior to the  date  on
which  payment  is  to  be  made  by  the  Issuing  Bank  to  the
beneficiary thereunder, without presentment, demand,  protest  or
other formalities of any kind.

          (d)  Forthwith upon its receipt of a notice referred to
in  paragraph (c) of this Section, the Borrower shall advise  the
Working  Capital  Agent whether or not the  Borrower  intends  to
borrow  hereunder  to  finance its obligation  to  reimburse  the
Issuing  Bank  for the amount of the related demand  for  payment
and, if it does, submit a Notice of Borrowing as provided herein.

           (e)  Each Working Capital Bank (other than the Issuing
Bank)  shall pay to the Working Capital Agent of the account  for
the  Issuing Bank in Dollars and in immediately available  funds,
the  amount of such Working Capital Bank's Ratable Portion of any
payment under a Letter of Credit upon notice by the Issuing  Bank
(through the Working Capital Agent) to such Working Capital  Bank
requesting  such payment and specifying such amount.   Each  such
Working  Capital Bank's obligation to make such  payment  to  the
Working Capital Agent for account of the Issuing Bank under  this
paragraph (e), and the Issuing Bank's right to receive the  same,
shall be absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected  by
any  circumstance whatsoever, including, without limitation,  the
failure  of  any other Working Capital Bank to make  its  payment
under this paragraph (e), the financial condition of the Borrower
(or any other account party), the existence of any Default or the
termination of the Working Capital Loan Commitments.   Each  such
payment  to  the Issuing Bank shall be made without  any  offset,
abatement,  withholding or reduction whatsoever.  If any  Working
Capital  Bank  shall default in its obligation to make  any  such
payment to the Working Capital Agent or the Issuing Bank, for  so
long as such default shall continue the Working Capital Agent may
at  the  request of the Issuing Bank withhold from  any  payments
received by the Working Capital Agent under this Agreement or any
Note  for the account of such Working Capital Bank the amount  so
in  default and, to the extent so withheld, pay the same  to  the
Issuing Bank in satisfaction of such defaulted obligation.

           (f)   Upon  the making of each payment  by  a  Working
Capital Bank to the Issuing Bank pursuant to paragraph (e)  above
in  respect  of any Letter of Credit, such Working  Capital  Bank
shall,  automatically and without any further action on the  part
of  the  Working Capital Agent, the Issuing Bank or such  Working
Capital  Bank, acquire (i) a participation in an amount equal  to
such payment in the Reimbursement Obligation owing to the Issuing
Bank  by  the Borrower hereunder and under the Letter  of  Credit
Documents  relating  to  such  Letter  of  Credit  and   (ii)   a
participation  equal  to  such  Bank's  Ratable  Portion  in  any
interest  or other amounts payable by the Borrower hereunder  and
under  such  Letter  of  Credit  Documents  in  respect  of  such
Reimbursement  Obligation (other than the  commissions,  charges,
costs  and  expenses  payable to the  Issuing  Bank  pursuant  to
paragraph (g) of this Section).  Upon receipt by the Issuing Bank
from or for the account of the Borrower of any payment in respect
of  any  Reimbursement Obligation or any such interest  or  other
amount (including by way of setoff or application of proceeds  of
any collateral security), the Issuing Bank shall promptly pay  to
the Working Capital Agent for the account of each Working Capital
Bank entitled thereto such Working Capital Bank's Ratable Portion
of such payment, each such payment by the Issuing Bank to be made
in  the  same  money and funds in which received by  the  Issuing
Bank.  In the event any payment received by the Issuing Bank  and
so  paid  to the Working Capital Banks hereunder is rescinded  or
must  otherwise  be  returned by the Issuing Bank,  each  Working
Capital Bank shall, upon the request of the Issuing Bank (through
the  Working  Capital Agent), repay to the Issuing Bank  (through
the  Working  Capital Agent) the amount of such payment  paid  to
such Working Capital Bank, with interest at the rate specified in
paragraph (j) of this Section.

           (g)   The  Borrower shall pay to the  Working  Capital
Agent  for  account  of  each Working Capital  Bank  (ratably  in
accordance with their respective Ratable Portions of the  Working
Capital  Loan Commitments) a Letter of Credit fee in  respect  of
each  Letter of Credit in an amount equal to a percentage  (which
shall  be equal to the Applicable Margin in effect at that  time)
of the daily average undrawn face amount of such Letter of Credit
for  the  period from and including the date of issuance of  such
Letter  of  Credit (x) in the case of the Letter of  Credit  that
expires  in  accordance  with its terms, to  and  including  such
expiration date and (y) in the case of a Letter of Credit that is
drawn in full or is otherwise terminated other than on the stated
expiration  date of such Letter of Credit, to but  excluding  the
date  such  Letter  of Credit is drawn in full or  is  terminated
(such  fee  to  be non-refundable, to be paid in arrears  on  the
first  Business Day of each calendar quarter and on the Revolving
Credit  Commitment Termination Date and to be calculated for  any
day after giving effect to any payments made under such Letter of
Credit on such day).  In addition, the Borrower shall pay to  the
Working  Capital Agent for account of the Issuing Bank a fronting
fee  in respect of each Letter of Credit in an amount equal to  1/4 
of  1% per annum of the daily average undrawn face amount of such
Letter  of Credit for the period from and including the  date  of
issuance of such Letter of Credit (i) in the case of a Letter  of
Credit  that  expires  in  accordance  with  its  terms,  to  and
including such expiration date and (ii) in the case of  a  Letter
of  Credit that is drawn in full or is otherwise terminated other
than  on the stated expiration date of such Letter of Credit,  to
but excluding the date such Letter of Credit is drawn in full  or
is  terminated  (such fee to be non-refundable,  to  be  paid  in
arrears on the first Business Day of each calendar quarter and on
the  Revolving  Credit  Commitment Termination  Date  and  to  be
calculated  for any day after giving effect to any payments  made
under  such  Letter of Credit on such day) plus all  commissions,
charges, costs and expenses in the amounts customarily charged by
the  Issuing  Bank  from time to time in like circumstances  with
respect to the issuance of each Letter of Credit and drawings and
other transactions.

           (h)   Promptly  following the  end  of  each  calendar
quarter,  the  Issuing  Bank shall deliver (through  the  Working
Capital  Agent) to each Working Capital Bank and the  Borrower  a
notice  describing the aggregate amount of all Letters of  Credit
outstanding at the end of such quarter.  Upon the request of  any
Working  Capital Bank from time to time, the Issuing  Bank  shall
deliver  any  other  information  reasonably  requested  by  such
Working  Capital Bank with respect to each Letter of Credit  then
outstanding.

          (i)  The issuance by the Issuing Bank of each Letter of
Credit  shall, in addition to the conditions precedent set  forth
herein,  be  subject to the conditions precedent  that  (i)  such
Letter  of  Credit shall be in such form, contain such terms  and
support such transactions as shall be satisfactory to the Issuing
Bank  consistent with its then current practices  and  procedures
with  respect to the Letters of Credit of the same type and  (ii)
the Borrower shall have executed and delivered such applications,
agreements  and  other instruments relating  to  such  Letter  of
Credit  as  the  Issuing  Bank shall  have  reasonably  requested
consistent  with  its then current practices and procedures  with
respect  to Letters of Credit of the same type, provided that  in
the  event of any conflict between any such application agreement
or  other  instrument and the provisions of this  Agreement,  the
provisions of this Agreement shall control.

           (j)  To the extent that any Working Capital Bank shall
fail  to pay any amount required to be paid pursuant to paragraph
(e) or (f) of this Section on the due date therefor, such Working
Capital Bank shall pay interest to the Issuing Bank (through  the
Working Capital Agent) on such amount from and including such due
date to but excluding the date such payment is made at a rate per
annum equal to the Federal Funds Rate.

            (k)   The  issuance  by  the  Issuing  Bank  of   any
modification  or  supplement to any Letter  of  Credit  hereunder
shall  be  subject to the same conditions applicable  under  this
Section  to  the issuance of new Letters of Credit, and  no  such
modification  or  supplement  shall be  issued  hereunder  unless
either (i) the respective Letter of Credit affected thereby would
have  complied with such conditions had it originally been issued
hereunder  in  such modified or supplemented form  or  (ii)  each
Working Capital Bank shall have consented thereto.

The  Borrower hereby indemnifies and holds harmless  the  Issuing
Bank,  each  Working Capital Bank and the Working  Capital  Agent
from  and  against  any  and  all  claims  and  damages,  losses,
liabilities, costs or expenses that such Working Capital Bank  or
the  Working  Capital  Agent may incur (or that  may  be  claimed
against such Working Capital Bank or the Working Capital Agent by
any  Person  whatsoever) by reason of or in connection  with  the
execution and deliver or transfer of or payment or refusal to pay
by the Issuing Bank under any Letter of Credit.

      4.5.   Obligations  Absolute.  The  Borrower's  obligations
under  Section 4.4 shall be absolute and unconditional under  any
and   all   circumstances  and  irrespective  of   any   set-off,
counterclaim or defense to payment which the Borrower may have or
have  had  against  the Issuing Lender or any beneficiary  of   a
Letter  of  Credit.  The Borrower also agrees  with  the  Issuing
Lender that the Issuing Lender shall not be responsible for,  and
the  Borrower's Reimbursement Obligations under Section 4.4 shall
not  be  affected  by,  among  other  things,  the  validity   or
genuineness  of  documents or of any endorsements  thereon,  even
though  such  documents  shall  in  fact  prove  to  be  invalid,
fraudulent  or  forged,  or  any dispute  between  or  among  the
Borrower  and any beneficiary of any Letter Credit or  any  other
party  to which such Letter of Credit may be transferred  or  any
claims whatsoever of the Borrower against any beneficiary of such
Letter  of  Credit  or any such transferee.  The  Issuing  Lender
shall  not  be  liable for any error, omission,  interruption  or
delay  in  transmission, dispatch or delivery of any  message  or
advice,  however transmitted, in connection with  any  Letter  of
Credit issued by it, except for errors or omissions caused by the
Issuing  Lender's  gross negligence or willful  misconduct.   The
Borrower  agrees that any action taken or omitted by the  Issuing
Lender under or in connection with any Letter of Credit issued by
the Issuing Lender or the relate drafts or documents, if done  in
the  absence  of  gross negligence or willful misconduct  and  in
accordance  with the standards of care specified in  the  Uniform
Commercial Code of the State of New York, shall be binding on the
Borrower  and  shall not result in any liability of  the  Issuing
Lender to the Borrower.


                           ARTICLE V

                      INTEREST, FEES, ETC.

      5.1.    Interest  Period  Election.   (a)  Subject  to  the
adjustment  of  any  Interest  Periods  in  connection   with   a
Consolidation, the applicable Interest Period for all Term  Loans
shall  at  all  times be six months. With respect  to  any  other
Eurodollar  Loans,  after the election  of  an  initial  Interest
Period  pursuant  to  a Notice of Borrowing, the  Borrower  shall
elect  the  Interest  Period  that  shall  apply  to  each   such
Eurodollar Loan after the end of the then current Interest Period
with respect to such Loan; provided that all Loans related to the
same  Borrowing shall have the same Interest Period.   Each  such
election  shall be in substantially the form of Exhibit I  hereto
(a  "Notice of Interest Period") and shall be made by giving  (x)
in  the case of Revolving Loans, the Agent and (y) in the case of
Eurodollar Working Capital Loans, the Working Capital  Agent,  at
least  five  (5)  Business  Days' prior  written  notice  thereof
specifying the Interest Period being elected.  The Agent  or  the
Working Capital Agent, as the case may be, shall promptly  notify
each  Bank  or Working Capital Bank, as the case may be,  of  its
receipt  of  a  Notice  of Interest Period and  of  the  contents
thereof.  If, within the time period required under the terms  of
this Section 5.1, the Agent or the Working Capital Agent, as  the
case  may  be, does not receive a Notice of Interest Period  from
the  Borrower,  or a Default shall then exist and be  continuing,
then the Agent or the Working Capital Agent, as the case may  be,
shall inform the Banks or the Working Capital Banks, as the  case
may  be,  of  the same and, upon the expiration of  the  Interest
Period  therefor, the Interest Period applicable  to  such  Loans
thereafter  shall be (x) one month, in the case of the Borrower's
failure to deliver a Notice of Interest Period, and (y), of  such
duration  as the Agent or the Working Capital Agent, as the  case
may  be,  may determine, in the event a Default shall then  exist
and  be  continuing, until such time as (i) in the  case  of  the
foregoing clause (x), the Borrower delivers a Notice of  Interest
Period in accordance with the terms of this Agreement electing  a
different  Interest  Period or (ii) such  Loans  become  due  and
payable  (as  the  case may be).  Each Notice of Interest  Period
shall be irrevocable.

      (b)   Notwithstanding  anything else herein  contained,  if
requested  by the Borrower in its Notice of Borrowing or  in  its
Notice  of  Interest  Period, the Banks or  the  Working  Capital
Banks,  as  the case may be, may, in their sole discretion,  make
Revolving  Loans  or  Eurodollar Working Capital  Loans  with  an
applicable  Interest Period of 12 months; provided that  no  such
request  shall be granted unless all of the Banks or the  Working
Capital Banks, as the case may be, so agree.

      5.2.    Interest Rate.  (a) The Borrower shall pay interest
on  the unpaid principal amount of each Loan from the date of the
making  thereof until the principal amount thereof shall be  paid
in  full at a rate per annum equal at all times to (i) in respect
of  Eurodollar  Loans, and during the applicable Interest  Period
for  each  such  Loan, the sum of the Eurodollar  Rate  for  such
Interest Period plus the Applicable Margin (subject to clause (b)
below),  payable in arrears (A) on the last day of such  Interest
Period or (B) in the case of an Interest Period having a duration
of  12 months, (x) on the day that is 6 months after the day such
Borrowing is made and (y) on the last day of such Interest Period
and (ii) in respect of Alternate Base Rate Working Capital Loans,
the  Alternate Base Rate as in effect from time to time plus  the
Applicable Margin (subject to clause (b) below) payable quarterly
in  arrears  on the first Business Day of each October,  January,
April and July.

     (b)    Default Rate of Interest.  If any amount of principal
of  any Loan is not paid when due, whether at stated maturity, by
acceleration  or otherwise, the interest rate applicable  to  any
such  amount  shall be (i) the Eurodollar Rate or Alternate  Base
Rate,  as the case may be, applicable to such Loan (as determined
in  accordance  with  this Agreement) plus  (ii)  the  Applicable
Margin  plus (iii) 1% per annum, payable on demand,  and  if  any
interest, fee or other amount payable hereunder is not paid  when
due, such amount shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal at
all  times  in  the  case of any interest, fee  or  other  amount
payable  in  respect of (A) Eurodollar Loans, to  the  Eurodollar
Rate in effect at such time, for a period and for a Dollar amount
determined by the Agent or the Working Capital Agent, as the case
may  be,  plus 2% per annum, payable on demand, and (B) Alternate
Base  Rate  Working  Capital Loans, the Alternate  Base  Rate  in
effect at such time plus 2% per annum, payable on demand.

      5.3.    Interest Rate Determination and Protection. (a)  If
the  Agent  shall on behalf of the Banks determine in good  faith
(which  determination  shall be conclusive  and  binding  on  the
Borrower   and  the  Banks)  that,  by  reason  of  circumstances
affecting   the   international  interbank  Eurocurrency   market
generally, adequate and reasonable means do not or will not exist
for  ascertaining the Eurodollar Rate applicable to any  Interest
Period,  the  Agent  shall  give  notice  of  such  determination
(hereinafter called a "Determination Notice") to the Borrower and
each  of the Banks.  The Borrower, the Banks and the Agent  shall
then  negotiate in good faith in order to agree upon  a  mutually
satisfactory interest rate (or separate rates in respect  of  the
Loans  of the several Banks) and Interest Period (or Periods)  to
be substituted for those which would otherwise have applied under
this  Agreement.  If the Borrower, the Banks and  the  Agent  are
unable  to  agree upon an interest rate (or rates)  and  Interest
Period (or Periods) within a period not exceeding thirty days  of
the  giving of such Determination Notice, then the Borrower shall
have  the  right  to  prepay any such Loans (without  premium  or
penalty)  and  with respect to any such Loans  that  are  not  so
prepaid, the Agent shall (after consultation with the Banks)  set
an  interest rate (or separate rates in respect of the  Loans  of
the  several  Banks) and an Interest Period (or Periods)  all  to
take effect from the expiration of the Interest Period current at
the date of the Determination Notice, which rate (or rates) shall
be the aggregate of the Applicable Margin and the cost to each of
the  Banks of funding their Ratable Portion of the Loans.  In the
event that the condition referred to in this Section 5.3(a) shall
extend beyond the end of an Interest Period so agreed or set, the
foregoing  procedure  shall  be  repeated  as  often  as  may  be
necessary.

      (b)     The  Agent shall give prompt notice to the Borrower
and  the Banks of the applicable interest rate determined by  the
Agent for purposes of Section 5.2(a) or (b).

      (c)     If  the  Majority Banks notify the Agent  that  the
Eurodollar  Rate  for  any Interest Period  will  not  adequately
reflect  the  cost  to such Banks of making or maintaining  their
respective  Loans  for  such Interest  Period,  the  Agent  shall
forthwith  give  notice  thereof to the Borrower  and  the  Banks
stating  the  circumstances which have caused such notice  to  be
given,  and  if such notice shall be given prior to the  Loan  or
Loans being advanced by the Banks, the Borrower's right to borrow
the  Loans hereunder from the Banks shall be suspended during the
continuation  of  such circumstances.  In any event,  during  the
thirty  (30)  days  following  the giving  of  such  notice,  the
Borrower,  the Agent and the Banks shall negotiate in good  faith
in  order  to arrive at an alternative interest rate or  (as  the
case  may  be)  an  alternative basis for the Banks  to  fund  or
continue to fund their Ratable Portion of such Loans during  such
Interest  Period.   If  within such thirty  (30)  day  period  an
alternative  interest rate or (as the case may be) an alternative
basis is agreed upon, then such alternative interest rate or  (as
the  case  may  be)  alternative  basis  shall  take  effect   in
accordance  with the terms of such agreement.  If  the  Borrower,
the  Agent  and  the Banks fail to agree on such  an  alternative
interest  rate or (as the case may be) alternative  basis  within
such thirty (30) day period and such circumstances are continuing
at  the end of such thirty (30) day period, then the Agent,  with
the  agreement  of  each Bank shall set an  interest  period  and
interest  rate representing the cost of funding of the  Banks  in
Dollars  of  their  Ratable  Portion  of  such  Loans  plus   the
Applicable Margin.  If the circumstance shall continue at the end
of  such  interest period, the procedure in this  Section  5.3(c)
shall  be  repeated.  If the Borrower shall not agree  with  such
rate  then  the  Borrower  may give not less  than  fifteen  (15)
Business Days' irrevocable notice of prepayment to the Agent,  in
which case the aggregate Commitments of the Banks shall thereupon
be canceled and, if the Loans are outstanding, the Borrower shall
prepay  (without premium or penalty) Loans on the first  Business
Day  after such period together with accrued interest thereon  at
the applicable rate plus the Applicable Margin.

     5.4.   Prepayments.  (a)  Optional Prepayments.

         (i) Eurodollar Loans.  Subject to the provisions of this
Section 5.4, the Borrower may prepay Eurodollar Loans on the last
day  of any Interest Period with respect to such Loans (or,  with
respect  to a Loan as to which the applicable Interest Period  is
12  months,  on  any  day  on which an interest  payment  is  due
pursuant to Section 5.2(a); provided that if such day is not  the
last  day  of  the Interest Period in respect of such  Loan,  the
Borrower  shall continue to be liable for any costs  or  expenses
pursuant to Section 12.4(c)) as follows:

                (A)   Subject  to clause (B) below, the  Borrower
     may,  upon at least (1) fifteen Business Days' prior  notice
     to  the Agent, in the case of a prepayment of Term Loans  or
     Revolving  Loans, and (2) three Business Days' prior  notice
     to the Working Capital Agent, in the case of a prepayment of
     Eurodollar Working Capital Loans, in each case (which  shall
     be  irrevocable)  stating the proposed  date  and  aggregate
     principal  amount of the prepayment, prepay without  premium
     or  penalty  the outstanding principal amount  of  any  Term
     Loans or Revolving Loans, in whole or in part, together with
     accrued  interest  to  the date of such  prepayment  on  the
     principal amount prepaid.

                (B)   The  Borrower  may,  upon  at  least  three
     Business  Days'  prior notice to the Working  Capital  Agent
     (which  shall be irrevocable) stating the proposed date  and
     aggregate principal amount of the prepayment, prepay without
     premium or penalty the outstanding principal amount  of  any
     Eurodollar  Working  Capital Loans  in  whole  or  in  part,
     together  with  accrued  interest  to  the  date   of   such
     prepayment on the principal amount prepaid.

                 (C)   Notwithstanding  the  foregoing,  if   any
     principal amount of any Term Loan is prepaid by the Borrower
     during the period from the Agreement Date through the second
     anniversary thereof, then such prepayment of the Term  Loans
     made during such period shall be subject to a fee of 1/4  of
     1% on the amount being prepaid.

                (D) Term Loans prepaid pursuant to this Agreement
     may not be reborrowed.

         (ii)    Allocation of Prepayments.  Prepayments  of  any
type  of Loan made at the Borrower's option may be allocated  (A)
towards  payment of the next payment due, (B) pro-rata among  all
remaining maturities or (C) towards the final payment due, in any
case with respect to such Loans at the option of the Borrower.

      (b)   Mandatory Prepayment.  The Borrower shall prepay Term
Loans,  Revolving Loans, Working Capital Loans and/or  Letter  of
Credit  Liabilities to the extent necessary to  ensure  that  the
aggregate principal amount of all (i) Term Loans outstanding will
not at any time exceed the aggregate of the Term Loan Commitments
of  the  Banks, (ii) Revolving Loans, Working Capital  Loans  and
Letter  of  Credit Liabilities outstanding will not at  any  time
exceed  the Revolving Credit Commitments of the Banks  and  (iii)
Working   Capital   Loans  and  Letter  of   Credit   Liabilities
outstanding will not at any time exceed the Working Capital  Loan
Commitments  of  the Working Capital Banks.  Partial  prepayments
pursuant to this subsection (b) shall be applied pro rata to  all
Term  Loans, Revolving Loans, Working Capital Loans or Letter  of
Credit Liabilities, as the case may be, then outstanding.

       (c)     Indemnification  of  Banks.   The  Borrower  shall
indemnify the Banks pursuant to Section 12.4(c) in the event that
any prepayment shall be made on a day other than the last day  of
an  Interest  Period  for the Loan or Loans  being  prepaid.   In
addition to any amounts due by the Borrower to the Banks pursuant
to  Section  12.4(c), the Borrower shall pay to the Agent  and/or
the Working Capital Agent, as the case may be, for the account of
the  Banks or the Working Capital Banks, as the case may  be,  an
additional fee of 1/4% per annum on the amount so prepaid for the
remainder of the Interest Period.

      (d)     Amount  and  Allocation of  Prepayment.   (i)  Each
partial  prepayment of Term Loans and Revolving  Loans  permitted
under  this  Section 5.4 shall be in an aggregate amount  of  not
less  than  $10,000,000 or integral multiples  of  $5,000,000  in
excess  thereof.  (ii) Each partial prepayment of Working Capital
Loans  permitted under this Section 5.4 shall be in an  aggregate
amount  of  not  less than $5,000,0000 or integral  multiples  of
$1,000,000 in excess thereof.

       5.5.     Fees.   (a)  Commitment  Fees.   (i)  Term   Loan
Commitment.   The  Borrower will pay on the Term Loan  Commitment
Termination  Date to the Agent for the account of  each  Bank  in
arrears  a  fee accruing from the Agreement Date until  the  Term
Loan  Commitment Termination Date, on such Bank's aggregate daily
unused  and  uncancelled Term Loan Commitment as in  effect  from
time to time at the rate of 1/8% per annum.

           (ii)  Revolving Credit Commitment.  The Borrower  will
pay  to  the  Agent  for the account of each  Bank  quarterly  in
arrears  a  fee  accruing  from  the  Agreement  Date  until  the
Revolving  Credit  Commitment Termination  Date  on  such  Bank's
aggregate   daily   unused  and  uncancelled   Revolving   Credit
Commitment, as in effect from time to time, at the rate of 50% of
the  Applicable Margin for each such quarter (such rate to be re-
determined  on  the  occasion of each change  in  the  Applicable
Margin).

      (b)        Arrangement Fee.  The Borrower will pay  to  the
Arranger  a  fee (the "Arrangement Fee"), in an amount separately
agreed.  Such fee shall be payable with five (5) Business Days of
the Agreement Date.

     (c)       Agency Fee.  The Borrower will pay to the Agent an
annual  fee  (the  "Agency Fee") in an amount separately  agreed.
Such  fee  shall be paid (i) within seven days of  the  Agreement
Date,  (ii)  each  year  thereafter on  the  anniversary  of  the
Agreement Date, and (iii) on termination of this Agreement in  an
amount equal to the accrued and unpaid portion of such fee.

     (d)       Working Capital Agency Fee.  The Borrower will pay
to  the Working Capital Agent, for its own account, an annual fee
(the  "Working Capital Agency Fee") in accordance with a separate
undertaking  between the Working Capital Agent and the  Borrower.
such  fee  shall be paid (i) within seven days of  the  Agreement
Date,  (ii)  each  year  thereafter on  the  anniversary  of  the
Agreement Date, and (iii) on termination of this Agreement in  an
amount equal to the accrued and unpaid portion of such fee.

      5.6.       Increased Costs.  (a) If, due to either (i)  the
introduction of or any change (other than any change  by  way  of
imposition  or increase of reserve requirements included  in  the
Eurodollar Reserve Requirement) in, or in the interpretation  of,
any  law  or regulation or (ii) the compliance with any guideline
or  request from any central bank or other Governmental Authority
(whether  or  not having the force of law), there  shall  be  any
increase  in  the  cost  (other  than  with  respect  to  income,
franchise  or  withholding  taxes or other  taxes  of  a  similar
nature)  to  any Bank of agreeing to make or making,  funding  or
maintaining any Loans, then (A) such Bank shall, as soon as  such
Bank  becomes aware of such increased cost, but in any event  not
later  than  90  days  after such increased  cost  was  incurred,
deliver to the Borrower and the Agent a notice stating the actual
amount  of  such increased cost incurred by such  Bank;  (B)  the
Borrower shall, promptly upon its receipt of such notice  pay  to
the  Agent,  for the account of such Bank amounts  sufficient  to
compensate such Bank for the increased cost incurred by it as set
forth in the notice referred to above and (C) such Bank shall use
its  reasonable  best efforts to designate another  of  its  then
existing  offices  as its Lending Office if the  making  of  such
designation would, without any detrimental effect to  such  Bank,
as determined by such Bank in its sole discretion, avoid the need
for,  or  reduce the amount of, future increased costs which  are
probable of being incurred by such Bank.  The amount of increased
costs  payable by the Borrower to any Bank as stated in any  such
notice  delivered to the Borrower and the Agent pursuant  to  the
provisions of this Section 5.6(a) shall be conclusive and binding
for all purposes, absent manifest error.

      (b)   If any Bank shall be required under Regulation  D  to
maintain   reserves  with  respect  to  liabilities   or   assets
consisting  of  or including Eurocurrency Liabilities,  then  (i)
such  Bank  shall, within 45 days after the end of  any  Interest
Period  with  respect to any Loan during which such Bank  was  so
required  to maintain such reserves, deliver to the Borrower  and
the  Agent  a  notice stating (A) that such Bank was required  to
maintain  reserves and as a result such Bank incurred  additional
costs  in  connection  with making Loans and  (B)  in  reasonable
detail,  such  Bank's  computations of the amount  of  additional
interest  payable by the Borrower pursuant to the  provisions  of
this  Section  5.6(b), and (ii) the Borrower shall promptly  upon
receipt  of any such notice, pay to the Agent for the account  of
such Bank, additional interest on the unpaid principal amount  of
each  Loan  of  such Bank outstanding during the Interest  Period
with  respect to which the above-referenced notice was  delivered
to  the  Borrower,  at a rate per annum equal to  the  difference
obtained by subtracting (x) the Eurodollar Rate for such Interest
Period  from  (y)  the rate obtained by dividing such  Eurodollar
Rate  by  a percentage equal to 100% minus the Eurodollar Reserve
Requirement of such Bank for such Interest Period.  The amount of
interest  payable by the Borrower to any Bank as  stated  in  any
certificate  delivered to the Borrower and the Agent pursuant  to
the  provisions  of this Section 5.6(b) shall be  conclusive  and
binding for all purposes, absent manifest error.

      (c)        The payments required under Sections 5.6(a)  and
(b)  are  in  addition  to  any other  payments  and  indemnities
required under this Agreement.

      5.7.       Illegality.  Notwithstanding any other provision
of  this Agreement, if the introduction of or any change in or in
the  interpretation of any law or regulation, in each case  after
the  date hereof, shall make it unlawful, or any central bank  or
other  Governmental Authority shall assert that it  is  unlawful,
for  any  Bank or its Lending Office to make Loans or to continue
to  fund  or  maintain Loans, then, on notice thereof and  demand
therefor by such Bank to the Borrower through the Agent, (i)  the
obligation  of  such Bank to make Loans shall be suspended  until
such  Bank through the Agent shall notify the Borrower  that  the
circumstances  causing such suspension no longer exist  and  (ii)
the  Borrower shall forthwith prepay (without premium or penalty)
in  full  all Loans of such Bank then outstanding, together  with
interest  accrued thereon; provided, however, that before  making
any  such  demand,  each Bank agrees to use its  reasonable  best
efforts to designate another of its then existing offices as  its
Lending Office if the making of such a designation would, without
any detrimental effect to such Bank, cause the making of Loans to
not be subject to this Section 5.7.

     5.8.      Capital Adequacy.  If any Bank shall, at any time,
reasonably determine that (a) the adoption (i) after the date  of
this Agreement, of any capital adequacy guidelines or (ii) at any
time, of any other applicable law, government rule, regulation or
order  regarding  capital  adequacy  of  banks  or  bank  holding
companies, (b) any change in (i) any of the foregoing or (ii) the
interpretation or administration of any of the foregoing  by  any
Governmental Authority, central bank or comparable agency or  (c)
compliance  with  any  policy, guideline,  directive  or  request
regarding  capital adequacy (whether or not having the  force  of
law  and  whether  or  not failure to comply therewith  would  be
unlawful)  of  any  Governmental  Authority,  central   bank   or
comparable agency, would have the effect of reducing the rate  of
return  on  the capital of such Bank to a level below that  which
such  Bank  could have achieved but for such adoption, change  or
compliance (taking into consideration the policies of  such  Bank
with  respect  to  capital adequacy in effect immediately  before
such adoption, change or compliance) and (x) such reduction is as
a  consequence of the Commitment of, or the making of  any  Loans
by,  such  Bank  hereunder and (y) such reduction  is  reasonably
deemed  by  such  Bank to be material, then (1) such  Bank  shall
deliver  to  the  Borrower and the Agent  a  notice  stating  the
reduction  in  the rate of return such Bank will  in  the  future
suffer  as a result of its Commitment or the making of any  Loans
by  it  to  the  Borrower hereunder and (2) the  Borrower  shall,
promptly  upon  receipt of such notice pay to the Agent  for  the
account of such Bank from time to time as specified by such  Bank
such  amount as shall be sufficient to compensate such  Bank  for
such  reduced return.  The amount stated in any notice  delivered
to  the  Borrower pursuant to the provisions of this Section  5.8
shall be conclusive and binding for all purposes, absent manifest
error.   In  determining  any  such amount,  such  Bank  may  use
reasonable  averaging  and  attribution  methods.   The  payments
required  under  this Section 5.8 are in addition  to  any  other
payments and indemnities required hereunder.

     5.9.      Payments and Computations.  (a) The Borrower shall
make  each  payment payable by it hereunder not later than  11:00
A.M. (New York City time) on the day when due, in Dollars, to (i)
in  respect of Term Loans, Revolving Loans and Letter  of  Credit
Liabilities, the Agent at its address referred to in Section 12.2
and (ii) in respect of Working Capital Loans, the Working Capital
Agent,  at its address referred to in Section 12.2, in each  case
in  immediately available funds without set-off or  counterclaim.
The  Agent or the Working Capital Agent, as the case may be, will
promptly  thereafter cause to be distributed like funds  relating
to  the  payment of principal or interest or fees ratably  (other
than amounts payable pursuant to Section 5.6, 5.7 or 5.8) to  the
Banks  or  Working Capital Banks, as the case  may  be,  for  the
account  of  their  respective Lending Offices,  and  like  funds
relating  to the payment of any other amount payable to any  Bank
to  such Bank for the account of its Lending Office, in each case
to  be  applied  in accordance with the terms of this  Agreement.
Payment  received by the Agent or Working Capital Agent,  as  the
case  may  be,  after 11:00 A.M. (New York City  time)  shall  be
deemed to be received on the next Business Day.

      (b)  No Reductions.  (i) Subject to Section 5.9(b)(ii)  and
(iii), payments due to the Agent, the Working Capital Agent,  the
Documentation  Agent, the Arranger or any  Bank  under  the  Loan
Documents,  and  all  other  terms,  conditions,  covenants   and
agreements   to  be  observed  and  performed  by  the   Borrower
thereunder, shall be made, observed or performed by the  Borrower
without  any  reduction  or deduction whatsoever,  including  any
reduction  or deduction for any set-off, recoupment, counterclaim
(whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or Tax.

     (ii)(x)  If any withholding or deduction from any payment to
be made by the Borrower hereunder is required for any Taxes under
any applicable law, rule or regulation, then the Borrower will

         (A)    pay directly to the relevant taxing authority the
     full amount required to be so withheld or deducted;

         (B)     promptly forward to the Agent or Working Capital
     Agent,  as  the  case may be, an official receipt  or  other
     documentation  satisfactory to the Agent or Working  Capital
     Agent, as the case  may be, evidencing such payment to  such
     authority; and

         (C)    pay to the Agent or Working Capital Agent, as the
     case may be, for the account of the Banks or Working Capital
     Banks, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts
     necessary to ensure that the net amount actually received by
     each  Bank  will equal the full amount such Bank would  have
     received had no such withholding or deduction been required.

      In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Borrower agrees to pay any present or future stamp or documentary
taxes,  excise or property taxes, or any other charges or similar
levies  which arise from any payment made hereunder or  from  the
execution, delivery or registration of, or otherwise with respect
to,  this  Agreement  or the Notes (hereinafter  referred  to  as
"Other Taxes").

     Each Bank shall use its reasonable best efforts to designate
another of its then existing offices as its Lending Office if the
making  of such designation would, without any detrimental effect
to  such Bank (as determined by the Bank in its sole discretion),
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such withholding  or
deduction  from  any  payment to be made  to  such  Bank  by  the
Borrower hereunder required for any Taxes.

      The  Borrower will indemnify each Bank, the Agent  and  the
Working Capital Agent for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes
paid  by  such Bank, the Agent or Working Capital Agent  (as  the
case may be) and any liability (including penalties, interest and
expenses)  arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether  or
not such Taxes or Other Taxes were correctly or legally asserted.
This  indemnification shall be made within 30 days from the  date
such  Bank, the Agent or the Working Capital Agent (as  the  case
may be) makes written demand therefor.

      If  the Borrower fails to pay any Taxes or Other Taxes when
due  to the appropriate taxing authority or fails to remit to the
Agent  or  the  Working Capital Agent, for  the  account  of  the
respective  Banks,  the  required  receipts  or  other   required
documentary evidence, the Borrower shall indemnify the Agent, the
Working Capital Agent and the Banks for any incremental Taxes  or
Other  Taxes,  penalties, interest or expenses  that  may  become
payable by the Agent, the Working Capital Agent or any Bank as  a
result of any such failure.

      (y)  Notwithstanding subsection (x), the Borrower shall not
be  required  to indemnify or pay additional amounts  for  or  on
account of:

      (A)       Taxes imposed on or measured by the net income of
the  Agent,  the Working Capital Agent or any Bank  or  franchise
Taxes  imposed  on the Agent, the Working Capital  Agent  or  any
Bank,  but  in  each  case  only to the  extent  imposed  by  the
jurisdiction  under  the  laws of which the  Agent,  the  Working
Capital Agent or such Bank is organized or doing business  (other
than  as  a result of the transactions contemplated by  the  Loan
Documents  or  the Agent's, the Working Capital  Agent's  or  any
Bank's enforcement of its rights under any Loan Document) or  any
political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein,  or
by  any  jurisdiction in which the Agent's, the  Working  Capital
Agent's  or  such  Bank's lending office or  principal  executive
office   is  located  or  any  political  subdivision  or  taxing
authority thereof or therein (except, in each case, to the extent
required  by the following paragraph to make payments  on  a  net
after-tax-basis), or

      (B)        any Tax or Other Tax imposed by reason of either
(i)  the failure of the certification made by a Bank on any  form
provided pursuant to Section 5.9(b)(iii) to be accurate and  true
in  all material respects unless any such failure is attributable
solely to a Change in Tax Law that occurs on or after the date on
which such form is provided by such Bank, or (ii) the failure  by
a  Bank  to  deliver  to  the Borrower and  the  Agent  two  duly
completed  and  executed copies of IRS  Form  1001  or  4224  (or
successor  applicable  forms)  in  accordance  with  the   second
sentence  of  Section 5.9(b)(iii), certifying that such  Bank  is
entitled  to receive payments under this Agreement and the  Loans
without  deduction  or withholding of any United  States  federal
income taxes, provided that this clause (B)(ii) will not apply if
such  failure is attributable solely to a Change in Tax Law  that
occurs on or after the date hereof.

      All  amounts  payable as additional amounts or  indemnities
pursuant to this Section 5.9(b) shall include an amount necessary
to hold the Agent, the Working Capital Agent or the relevant Bank
harmless  on  a  net after-tax-basis from and against  all  Taxes
required to be paid with respect to or as a result of the payment
of  such  additional  amount  or  indemnity  (including,  without
limitation,  Taxes  described  in clause  (A)  of  the  preceding
paragraph.)

     (iii)  Each Bank that is not a United States person (as such
term  is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) agrees  that
it  will,  on  or  before the date that the  Bank  executes  this
Agreement (or, in the case of a Bank that becomes a Bank pursuant
to an assignment described in Section 12.7, on or before the date
that  the  Agent  records  the  Notice  of  the  Assignment   and
Acceptance  by which it becomes a Bank), deliver to the  Borrower
and  the Agent two duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form
1001  or  4224 or successor applicable form, as the case may  be,
certifying  in  each case that such Bank is entitled  to  receive
payments payable to it under this Agreement and the Loans without
deduction  or  withholding of any United  States  federal  income
taxes.  Each Bank that undertakes to deliver to the Borrower  and
the  Agent an IRS Form 1001 or 4224 under the preceding  sentence
further  undertakes to deliver to the Agent and the Borrower  two
additional  duly completed and executed copies of  Form  1001  or
4224  (or successor applicable forms) on or before the date  that
any such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence
of  any  event  requiring  a  change  in  the  most  recent  form
previously  delivered by it to the Borrower and  the  Agent,  and
such extensions or renewals thereof as may reasonably be required
by  the Borrower, certifying, in the case of a Form 1001 or 4224,
that  such  Bank  is  entitled  to receive  payments  under  this
Agreement and the Loans without deduction or withholding  of  any
United States federal income taxes, unless, in any such case,  an
event (including, without limitation, any Change in Tax Law)  has
occurred  before  the  date  on which  any  such  delivery  would
otherwise  be  required which renders all such forms inapplicable
or  which  causes such Bank to be no longer eligible to  complete
and  deliver any such form with respect to it, in which case  the
Bank shall either (1) furnish to the Borrower such forms or other
certification  as  the  Bank (in its  sole  opinion)  is  legally
entitled  to  furnish  evidencing the Bank's  eligibility  for  a
complete  exemption  from or a reduced  rate  of  withholding  of
United  States federal income taxes, or (2) notify  the  Borrower
that  the  Bank is not capable of receiving payments without  any
deduction or withholding of United States federal income tax.

     (c) Computations of the Commitment Fee.  All computations of
the  Commitment Fee and all computations of interest based on the
Eurodollar Rate shall be made by the Agent or the Working Capital
Agent  (as  the case may be) on the basis of a year of 360  days,
and all computations of other fees shall be made by the Agent  or
the Working Capital Agent (as the case may be) on the basis of  a
year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, in each case for the
actual number of days (including the first day but excluding  the
last  day)  occurring in the period for which such  interest  and
fees  are  payable.  All computations of the  Commitment  Fee  in
respect of any type of Loan shall be based on the aggregate daily
unused  Term  Loan Commitment or Revolving Credit Commitment  (as
the  case may be) of each Bank.  Each determination by the  Agent
or Working Capital Agent (as the case may be) of an interest rate
hereunder  shall  be  conclusive and binding  for  all  purposes,
absent manifest error.

      (d)  Payment Due on Other Than Business Day.  Whenever  any
payment hereunder shall be stated to be due on a day other than a
Business  Day, such payment shall be made on the next  succeeding
Business  Day, and such extension of time shall in such  case  be
included  in the computation of payment of interest or  fees,  as
the case may be.

      (e)  Notice of Non-Payment; Presumption of Payment.  Unless
the  Agent  or Working Capital Agent (as the case may  be)  shall
have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which
any  payment  is  due to the Banks or the Working  Capital  Banks
hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment  in  full,
the  Agent  or  Working Capital Agent (as the case  may  be)  may
assume  that  the Borrower has made such payment in full  to  the
Agent or Working Capital Agent (as the case may be) on such  date
and  the Agent or Working Capital Agent (as the case may be) may,
in reliance upon such assumption, cause to be distributed to each
Bank  or  Working Capital Bank (as the case may be) on  such  due
date an amount equal to the amount then due such Bank. If and  to
the  extent that the Borrower shall not have so made such payment
in  full  to the Agent or Working Capital Agent (as the case  may
be), each Bank or Working Capital Bank (as the case may be) shall
repay to the Agent or Working Capital Agent (as the case may  be)
forthwith on demand such amount distributed to such Bank together
with interest thereon, for each day from the date such amount  is
distributed  to  such Bank until the date such Bank  repays  such
amount  to  the Agent or Working Capital Agent (as the  case  may
be), at the Federal Funds Rate.

     5.10.     Sharing of Payments, Etc. If any Bank shall obtain
any payment (whether voluntary, involuntary, through the exercise
of any right of set-off, or otherwise) on account of the Loans of
a  certain  type  (i.e. Term Loans, Revolving  Loans  or  Working
Capital  Loans) made by it (other than pursuant to  Section  5.6,
5.7, 5.8 or 5.9) in excess of its Ratable Portion of payments  on
account of the Loans of the same type obtained by all the  Banks,
such  Bank  shall  forthwith purchase from the other  Banks  such
participation in the Loans of such type made by them as shall  be
necessary  to  cause  such purchasing Bank to  share  the  excess
payment ratably with each of them; provided, however, that if all
or  any  portion  of such excess payment is thereafter  recovered
from such purchasing Bank, such purchase from each Bank shall  be
rescinded  and each such Bank shall repay to the purchasing  Bank
the  purchase price to the extent of such recovery together  with
an  amount equal to such Bank's ratable share (according  to  the
proportion of (i) the amount of such Bank's required repayment to
(ii)  the total amount so recovered from the purchasing Bank)  of
any  interest  or other amount paid or payable by the  purchasing
Bank  in  respect of the total amount so recovered.  The Borrower
agrees  that any Bank so purchasing a participation from  another
Bank  pursuant  to this Section 5.10 may, to the  fullest  extent
permitted  by law, exercise all its rights of payment  (including
the right of set-off) with respect to such participation as fully
as  if such Bank were the direct creditor of the Borrower in  the
amount of such participation.

                           ARTICLE VI

                     CONDITIONS OF LENDING

     6.1. Conditions Precedent to the Making of the Initial Loans
and/or  Initial Issuance of Letters of Credit. The making of  the
initial  Loans  hereunder  is  subject  to  satisfaction  of  the
conditions precedent that:

     (a) the Agent shall have received the following, in form and
substance satisfactory to the Agent, and in sufficient copies for
each Bank:

           (i)   Certified copies of (A) the resolutions  of  the
     Board  of  Directors of each Loan Party approving each  Loan
     Document  to  which  it is a party, and  (B)  all  documents
     evidencing any other necessary corporate action and required
     governmental  and  any third party approvals,  licenses  and
     consents with respect to each Loan Document to which it is a
     party.

           (ii)   A  copy of the certificate of incorporation  of
     each  Loan  Party  certified as of  a  recent  date  by  the
     Secretary   of  State  of  such  Person's  jurisdiction   of
     incorporation (or by an official of equivalent  standing  in
     the  case  of a Loan Party incorporated outside  the  U.S.),
     together with certificates of such official attesting to the
     good  standing of such Person, and a copy of the By-Laws  of
     each  such Person certified by its Secretary or one  of  its
     Assistant Secretaries.

           (iii)   A certificate of the Secretary or an Assistant
     Secretary of each Loan Party certifying the names  and  true
     signatures  of  its  officers who have  been  authorized  to
     execute  and  deliver each Loan Document to which  it  is  a
     party and each other document and certificate to be executed
     or delivered hereunder on behalf of such Person.

           (iv)   A  favorable opinion of (A) Kirkland  &  Ellis,
     special   New   York  counsel  to  the  Loan   Parties,   in
     substantially  the  form of Exhibit J-1 hereto,  (B)  Robert
     Wrobel,  Vice President and Chief Legal Officer to the  Loan
     Parties,  in  substantially the form of Exhibit J-2  hereto,
     (C)  Watson, Farley & Williams, special New York counsel  to
     the  Agent, in substantially the form of Exhibit J-3 hereto,
     (D)  Wikborg & Rein, special Norwegian counsel to the Agent,
     in  substantially  the  form  of  Exhibit  J-4  hereto,  (E)
     Gorrissen & Federspiel, special Danish counsel to the Agent,
     in substantially the form of Exhibit J-5 hereto, (F) Bird  &
     Bird,   special   English  counsel  to   the   Borrower   in
     substantially  the form of Exhibit J-7, and (G)  McCarter  &
     English,  special  New Jersey counsel to  the  Borrower,  in
     substantially the form of Exhibit J-6.

           (v)   the  Notes,  duly  executed  on  behalf  of  the
Borrower.

          (vi)   a duly executed Parent Guaranty.

          (vii)  A Subsidiary Guaranty duly executed on behalf of
     each of the Subsidiary Guarantors.
          
           (viii)  A duly executed Pledge Agreement in respect of
     each  Pledge Subsidiary (other than Dumex - Alpharma  A/S  a
     Danish company), each of which shall be substantially in the
     form  of  the  pertinent exhibit attached  hereto  and  duly
     executed by the Shareholders of each such Pledge Subsidiary.

          (ix)   The  Intercreditor Agreement, duly executed  and
     delivered  by  the  Other  Banks and  the  Credit  Agreement
     Parties (as defined in the Intercreditor Agreement) and  all
     parties thereto.

          (b)  On the date of such Loans, all Indebtedness (other
     than Permitted Indebtedness) of the Parent Guarantor and its
     Subsidiaries  (including the Borrower) shall have  been  (or
     shall   simultaneously  be)  repaid  and   all   commitments
     thereunder  canceled  (including,  without  limitation,  all
     Indebtedness  under the Summit Bank Facility, the  Vanomycin
     Facility and the Prior UBN Facility).

      6.2.       Conditions Precedent to the Making of Each  Loan
and  Issuance of Each Letter of Credit.  The obligation  of  each
Bank  to make any Loan, including the initial Loans, and to issue
any  Letters of Credit, including the initial Letter  of  Credit,
shall  be  subject to the further conditions precedent  that  the
following  statements shall be true on the date of the making  of
such  Loan or issuance of such Letter of Credit, before and after
giving  effect  thereto and to the application  of  the  proceeds
therefrom (and the acceptance by the Borrower of the proceeds  of
such  Loan shall constitute a representation and warranty by  the
Borrower that on the date of such Loan such statements are true):

          (i)   The  representations and warranties contained  in
     Article  VII hereof and in Section 5 of the Parent  Guaranty
     (other than those stated to be made as of a particular date)
     are  true and correct in all material respects on and as  of
     such date as though made on and as of such date.

          (ii)  No event has occurred and is continuing, or would
     result  from  the  Loans  being made  on  such  date,  which
     constitutes a Default or an Event of Default.


                          ARTICLE VII

                 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES

      To induce the Agent, the Working Capital Agent and Banks to
enter  into this Agreement, the Borrower represents and  warrants
to the Agent, the Working Capital Agent and the Banks as follows:

       7.1.        Corporate   Existence.   The   Borrower,   its
Subsidiaries and each other Loan Party (i) is a corporation  duly
incorporated,   validly  existing  and  in  good   standing   (in
jurisdictions where good standing is an applicable  concept)  and
all  fees  and  taxes due or owing to any Governmental  Authority
have  been  paid)  under  the laws of  the  jurisdiction  of  its
incorporation;  (ii) is duly qualified and in good  standing  (in
jurisdictions  where  due qualification  and  good  standing  are
applicable concepts) as a foreign corporation under the  laws  of
each  other jurisdiction in which the failure so to qualify would
have a Material Adverse Effect; (iii) has all requisite corporate
power  and  authority  to  conduct  its  business  as  now  being
conducted  and as proposed to be conducted; (iv) is in compliance
with its articles or certificate of incorporation and by-laws.

       7.2.        Corporate  Power;  Authorization;  Enforceable
Obligations. (a) The execution, delivery and performance  by  the
Borrower and each other Loan Party of this Agreement or any other
Loan Document to which it is a party:

              (i) are within its corporate powers;

           (ii)  have  been  duly  authorized  by  all  necessary
     corporate action;

           (iii)  do  not  (A)  contravene  its  certificate   of
     incorporation or by-laws, (B) violate any law or  regulation
     (including, without limitation, Regulations T, U or X ),  or
     any   order   or   decree  of  any  court  or   governmental
     instrumentality,  except those as to which  the  failure  to
     comply  would  not  have  a  Material  Adverse  Effect,  (C)
     conflict  with or result in the breach of, or  constitute  a
     default under, any instrument, document or agreement binding
     upon and material to the Borrower or such Loan Party, or (D)
     result in the creation or imposition of any Lien (other than
     Permitted  Liens) upon any of the Property of the  Borrower,
     any of its Subsidiaries or any other Loan Party; and

          (iv)   do  not  and will not require  any  consent  of,
     authorization  by,  approval of, notice  to,  or  filing  or
     registration with, any Governmental Authority or  any  other
     consent  or  approval, including any consent or approval  of
     any Subsidiary of the Borrower or any consent or approval of
     the  stockholders of the Borrower or any Subsidiary  of  the
     Borrower,  other  than  (A)  consents,  authorizations   and
     approvals that have been obtained, are final and not subject
     to review on appeal or to collateral attack, and are in full
     force and effect and, in the case of any such required under
     Applicable  Law  as  in effect on the  Agreement  Date,  are
     listed  on  Schedule  7.2(a)(iv), (B)  notices,  filings  or
     registrations that have been given or effected, and (C)  the
     filing  of copies of Loan Documents with the Securities  and
     Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public filings.

      (b)  This Agreement and each other Loan Document  has  been
duly  executed and delivered by each Loan Party that is  a  party
hereto or thereto, and is the legal, valid and binding obligation
of  each  such Person, enforceable against it in accordance  with
its  terms,  except  where such enforcement  may  be  limited  by
bankruptcy,  insolvency, reorganization,  moratorium  or  similar
laws  relating  to  or  limiting creditors  rights  generally  or
equitable principles relating to enforceability.

     7.3.      Taxes.  All federal, and all material state, local
and  foreign tax returns, reports and statements required  to  be
filed  by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have been filed
with  the  appropriate governmental agencies in all jurisdictions
in  which such returns, reports and statements are required to be
filed.  All  consolidated,  combined  or  unitary  returns  which
include  the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries have been  filed
with  the  appropriate governmental agencies in all jurisdictions
in  which such returns, reports and statements are required to be
filed  except  where  such filing is being contested  or  may  be
contested. All federal, and all material state, local and foreign
taxes,  charges  and  other  impositions  of  the  Borrower,  its
Subsidiaries or any consolidated, combined or unitary group which
includes  the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries which  are  due
and  payable have been timely paid prior to the date on which any
fine, penalty, interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto
for  non-payment thereof except where contested in good faith and
by  appropriate  proceedings if adequate reserves  therefor  have
been  established on the books of the Borrower or such Subsidiary
in  accordance with GAAP.  Proper and accurate amounts have  been
withheld  by  or  on  behalf  of the Borrower  and  each  of  its
Subsidiaries from their respective employees for all  periods  in
full  and  complete compliance with the tax, social security  and
unemployment withholding provisions of applicable federal, state,
local and foreign law and such withholdings have been timely paid
to   the   respective  governmental  agencies,  in  all  material
respects. Neither the Borrower nor any of its Tax Affiliates  has
agreed or has been requested to make any adjustment under Section
481(a) of the Code by reason of a change in accounting method  or
otherwise  relating  to the Borrower or any of  its  Subsidiaries
which  will  affect  a  taxable year of the  Borrower  or  a  Tax
Affiliate  ending  after December 31, 1993, which  has  not  been
reflected  in  the  financial statements  delivered  pursuant  to
Section 8.8 and which would have a Material Adverse Effect.   The
Borrower  has no obligation to any Person other than  the  Parent
Guarantor and Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor under any  tax
sharing agreement or other tax sharing arrangement.

      7.4.       Financial Information.  (a) The reports  of  the
Parent  Guarantor on Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended December
31, 1997 and on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarters ended March 31,
1998,  June  30,  1998 and September 30, 1998,  which  have  been
furnished to the Agent and each Bank, are respectively,  complete
and correct in all material respects as of such respective dates,
and  the  financial  statements therein  have  been  prepared  in
accordance  with GAAP and fairly present the financial  condition
and  results  of  operations  of the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
consolidated  Subsidiaries as of such respective dates  (subject,
in  the  case of such reports on Form 10-Q, to changes  resulting
from normal year-end adjustments).

      (b)  Since  December 31, 1997 there has  been  no  Material
Adverse Change or Material Credit Agreement Change.

      (c)  None of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary of  the
Parent  Guarantor  had  at  September 30,  1998  any  obligation,
contingent liability, or liability for taxes or long-term  leases
material to the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as  a
whole which is not reflected in the balance sheets referred to in
subsection (a) above or in the notes thereto.

      7.5.      Litigation.  There are no pending, or to the best
knowledge of the Borrower threatened, actions, investigations  or
proceedings  against  or affecting the Borrower  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries before any court, governmental agency or  arbitrator
in which, individually or in the aggregate, there is a reasonable
probability  of  an adverse decision that could have  a  Material
Adverse Effect or result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

      7.6.       Margin Regulations.  The Borrower is not engaged
in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing
or  carrying Margin Stock, and no proceeds of any Borrowing  will
be used to purchase or carry any Margin Stock or to extend credit
to  others  for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any  Margin
Stock.

     7.7.      ERISA. (a) No liability under Sections 4062, 4063,
4064 or 4069 of ERISA has been or is expected by the Borrower  to
be  incurred by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate with  respect
to  any  Plan  which is a Single-Employer Plan in an amount  that
could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (b)  No  Plan  which  is  a  Single-Employer  Plan  had  an
accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, as of  the
last  day of the most recent fiscal year of such Plan ended prior
to the date hereof.  Neither the Borrower nor any ERISA Affiliate
is  (A)  required  to  give security  to  any  Plan  which  is  a
Single-Employer Plan pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of  the  Code
or  Section  307 of ERISA, or (B) subject to a Lien in  favor  of
such a Plan under Section 302(f) of ERISA.

      (c) Each Plan of the Borrower, each of its Subsidiaries and
each  of  its  ERISA Affiliates is in compliance in all  material
respects  with the applicable provisions of ERISA and  the  Code,
except  where  the  failure to comply would  not  result  in  any
Material Adverse Effect.

      (d)  Neither  the Borrower nor any of its Subsidiaries  has
incurred  a  tax liability under Section 4975 of the  Code  or  a
penalty  under  Section 502(i) of ERISA in respect  of  any  Plan
which  has not been paid in full, except where the incurrence  of
such  tax  or  penalty  would not result in  a  Material  Adverse
Effect.

      (e)  None of the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries  or  any
ERISA  Affiliate has incurred or reasonably expects to incur  any
Withdrawal Liability under Section 4201 of ERISA as a result of a
complete  or partial withdrawal from a Multiemployer  Plan  which
will  result in Withdrawal Liability to the Borrower, any of  its
Subsidiaries  or  any  ERISA Affiliate in an  amount  that  could
reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      7.8.      No Defaults.  Neither the Borrower nor any of its
Subsidiaries is in breach of or default under or with respect  to
any  instrument, document or agreement binding upon the  Borrower
or such Subsidiary which breach or default is reasonably probable
to have a Material Adverse Effect or result in the creation of  a
Lien on any Property of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries.

      7.9.       Investment Company Act. The Borrower is  not  an
"investment company" or an "affiliated person" of, or  "promoter"
or  "principal underwriter" for, an "investment company", as such
terms  are  defined in the Investment Company  Act  of  1940,  as
amended. The making of the Loans by the Banks, the application of
the  proceeds  and  repayment thereof by  the  Borrower  and  the
consummation  of the transactions contemplated by this  Agreement
will  not  violate  any  provision  of  such  act  or  any  rule,
regulation  or  order  issued  by  the  Securities  and  Exchange
Commission thereunder.

      7.10.     Insurance.  All policies of insurance of any kind
or  nature  owned  by  the  Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries  are
maintained  with reputable insurers which to the Borrower's  best
knowledge are financially sound. The Borrower currently maintains
insurance with respect to its Properties and business and  causes
its  Subsidiaries  to maintain insurance with  respect  to  their
respective Properties and business against loss or damage of  the
kinds customarily insured against by corporations engaged in  the
same  or  similar business and similarly situated, of such  types
and  in  such  amounts as are customarily carried  under  similar
circumstances  by  such  other  corporations  including,  without
limitation, worker's compensation insurance.

      7.11.     Environmental Protection.  (a) There are no known
conditions or circumstances known to the Borrower associated with
the  currently  or  previously  owned  or  leased  properties  or
operations  of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries or tenants  which
may  give  rise to any Environmental Liabilities and Costs  which
would have a Material Adverse Effect; and

      (b)  No Environmental Lien has attached to any Property  of
the  Borrower  or  any of its Subsidiaries  which  would  have  a
Material Adverse Effect.

      7.12.      Regulatory Matters.  Except as disclosed in  the
Parent  Guarantor's Form 10-K for the fiscal year ending December
31, 1997 or its Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ending
September 30, 1998, the Borrower and its Subsidiaries are to  the
best of their knowledge in compliance with all rules, regulations
and  other  requirements  of  the Food  and  Drug  Administration
("FDA")  and  other  regulatory authorities of  jurisdictions  in
which  the  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries  do  business  or
operate  manufacturing facilities, including  without  limitation
those  relating  to  compliance by the  Borrower's  or  any  such
Subsidiary's   manufacturing  facilities   with   "Current   Good
Manufacturing Practices" as interpreted by the FDA, except to the
extent  any such noncompliance would not have a Material  Adverse
Effect.   Except as so disclosed, neither the FDA nor  any  other
such  regulatory authority has requested (or, to  the  Borrower's
knowledge,  are  considering requesting) any product  recalls  or
other  enforcement  actions that (a) if not complied  with  would
result  in  a  Material Adverse Effect and  (b)  with  which  the
Borrower has not complied within the time period allowed.

      7.13.      Title  and Liens. Each of the Borrower  and  its
Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to its real properties
and  owns  or leases all its other material Properties,  in  each
case,  as  shown on its most recent quarterly balance sheet,  and
none  of  such  Properties is subject  to  any  Lien  except  for
Permitted Liens.

     7.14.     Compliance with Law.  Each of the Borrower and its
Subsidiaries is in compliance with all Applicable Law, including,
without  limitation,  all Environmental Laws,  except  where  any
failure to comply with any such laws would not, alone or  in  the
aggregate,  have  a Material Adverse Effect on  the  business  or
financial condition of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries taken as
a  whole,  or  the Borrower's ability to perform its  obligations
under the Loan Documents.

      7.15.      Trademarks, Copyrights, Etc.  The  Borrower  and
each  of  its  Subsidiaries own or have the rights  to  use  such
trademarks,  service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses  or
rights  in any thereof, as in the aggregate are adequate  in  the
reasonable  judgment  of  the Borrower for  the  conduct  of  the
business of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as now conducted.

      7.16.     Disclosure.  All written information relating  to
the  Borrower,  the Parent Guarantor and any of their  respective
Subsidiaries  which has been delivered by or  on  behalf  of  the
Borrower to the Agent, the Working Capital Agent or the Banks  in
connection  with the Loan Documents and all financial  and  other
information  furnished to the Agent or the Working Capital  Agent
is  true  and  correct in all material respects and  contains  no
misstatement  of  a  fact of a material  nature.   Any  financial
projections  and  other information regarding anticipated  future
plans  or  developments  contained therein  was  based  upon  the
Borrower's best good faith estimates and assumptions at the  time
they were prepared.

     7.17.     [Intentionally omitted.]

      7.18.      Subsidiaries.  (a) Schedule 5(k) to  the  Parent
Guaranty  sets forth all of the Subsidiaries, their jurisdictions
of  incorporation and the percentages of the various  classes  of
their  capital  stock  owned by the Parent Guarantor  or  another
Subsidiary  of the Parent Guarantor, (b) the Parent Guarantor  or
another  Subsidiary,  as the case may be,  has  the  unrestricted
right  to vote, and (subject to limitations imposed by Applicable
Law or the Loan Documents) to receive dividends and dividends on,
all  capital  stock indicated on such Schedule as  owned  by  the
Parent  Guarantor or such Subsidiary and (c) such  capital  stock
has  been  duly  authorized and issued  and  is  fully  paid  and
nonassessable.

      7.19.      Principal Subsidiaries.  Schedule  5(l)  to  the
Parent  Guaranty sets forth all of the Principal Subsidiaries  in
existence as of the Agreement Date.

       7.20.       Year  2000  Issue.   The  Borrower   and   its
Subsidiaries  have reviewed, and are continuing  to  review,  the
effect  of the Year 2000 Issue on the computer software, hardware
and firmware systems and equipment containing embedded microchips
owned or operated by or for the Borrower and its Subsidiaries  or
used  or  relied upon in the conduct of their business (including
systems  and  equipment supplied by others  or  with  which  such
computer systems of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries interface).
The information contained in the Parent Guarantor's Form 10-Q for
the  Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 1998 as to the  costs  to
the  Borrower and its Subsidiaries of any reprogramming  required
as  a  result  of  the  Year  2000 Issue  to  permit  the  proper
functioning  of  such  systems  and  equipment  and  the   proper
processing of data, and the testing of such reprogramming, and of
the reasonably foreseeable consequences of the Year 2000 Issue to
the  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries (including reprogramming
errors  and  the  failure  of systems or  equipment  supplied  by
others)  is complete and correct in all material respects  as  of
such date and such costs are not reasonably expected to result in
a  Default  or  Event  of Default or to have a  material  adverse
effect   on  the  business,  assets,  operations,  prospects   or
condition (financial or otherwise) of the Borrower or any of  its
Subsidiaries.

     7.21.  Pari Passu Obligations.  The obligations of the
Borrower under this Agreement and the Notes do rank at least pari
passu in priority of payment with all other present unsecured
Indebtedness of the Borrower.

     7.22.     Corporate Headquarters.  The Borrower maintains
dual corporate headquarters: in Oslo, Norway through Alpharma
A.S. and in northern New Jersey (currently Fort Lee), U.S.A.
through the Parent Guarantor.


                          ARTICLE VIII

                     AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS

      As  long  as  any of the Loans or any other  amounts  shall
remain  unpaid  or any Bank shall have any Commitment  hereunder,
unless  otherwise agreed by the written consent of  the  Majority
Banks:

      8.1.       Compliance with Laws, Etc.  The  Borrower  shall
comply,  and  cause each of its Subsidiaries to  comply,  in  all
material   respects   with  all  Applicable   Law   except   such
non-compliance  as  would not have a Material Adverse  Effect  or
result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

      8.2.       Payment  of  Taxes, Etc.  The Borrower  and  any
consolidated,  combined  or  unitary  group  which  includes  the
Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries shall pay and discharge,  and
cause  each  Subsidiary  of the Borrower to  pay  and  discharge,
before  the  same  shall become delinquent,  all  lawful  claims,
Taxes,  assessments  and governmental charges  or  levies  except
where  contested in good faith, by proper proceedings, and  where
adequate reserves therefor have been established on the books  of
the Borrower or such Subsidiary in accordance with GAAP.

      8.3.       Maintenance  of Insurance.  The  Borrower  shall
maintain,  and  cause  each  of  its  Subsidiaries  to  maintain,
insurance  with responsible and reputable insurance companies  or
associations  in  such  amounts and covering  such  risks  as  is
usually  carried by companies engaged in similar  businesses  and
owning similar properties in the same general areas in which  the
Borrower or such Subsidiary operates.  The Borrower will  furnish
to  the  Agent  from  time to time such  information  as  may  be
requested as to such insurance.

      8.4.       Preservation of Corporate Existence,  Etc.   The
Borrower  shall  preserve and maintain, and  cause  each  of  its
Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, their respective corporate
existences;  provided, that this Section 8.4 shall not  apply  at
any  time with respect to the corporate existence of a Subsidiary
of the Borrower in any case where the Parent Guarantor's Board of
Directors  determines  in  good faith that  such  termination  of
corporate  existence  is  in the best  interests  of  the  Parent
Guarantor,  the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries  taken
as  a  whole  and where noncompliance will not have a  Materially
Adverse  Effect on the Borrower and its Subsidiaries or any  Loan
Document  (other than a Loan Document delivered by  a  Subsidiary
that  at  such  time  is  no  longer a Principal  Subsidiary,  as
determined  at such time); provided, further, that  this  Section
8.4  shall be without prejudice to the other provisions  of  this
Agreement and the Parent Guaranty.

      8.5.       Books and Access.  The Borrower shall, and shall
cause  each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper books  of  record
and  accounts in conformity with GAAP, and upon reasonable notice
and  at such reasonable times during the usual business hours  as
often  as may be reasonably requested, permit representatives  of
the  Agent, at its own initiative or at the request of any  Bank,
to  make  inspections of its Properties, to  examine  its  books,
accounts and records and make copies and memoranda thereof and to
discuss  its affairs and finances with its officers or  directors
and independent public accountants.

      8.6.       Maintenance  of Properties, Etc.   The  Borrower
shall  maintain and preserve, and cause each of its  Subsidiaries
to  maintain  and  preserve, all of their  respective  Properties
which  are used or useful in the conduct of its business in  good
working order and condition and, from time to time make or  cause
to  be  made  all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements,
except  where  the  failure to do so would not  have  a  Material
Adverse Effect.

      8.7.      Application of Proceeds.  The Borrower shall  use
the  proceeds of the Loans (i) to refinance Indebtedness existing
at  the  date  hereof  of  the Borrower  under  the  Summit  Bank
Facility,  the  Prior  UBN Facility and the  Vancomycin  Facility
Agreements, and (ii) general corporate purposes.

     8.8.      Financial Statements.  The Borrower shall furnish,
or  shall  cause  to be furnished, to the Agent (with  sufficient
copies to the Banks):

      (a)  the  financial  statements  and  reports  required  by
Sections 6(g) and (h) of the Parent Guaranty.

      (b) together with each delivery of financial statements  of
the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries pursuant to clauses (a)
above,  and  commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending  September
30, 1998, a certificate signed by a Responsible Financial Officer
of  the  Borrower stating that (i) such officer is familiar  with
both  this Agreement and the business and financial condition  of
the  Borrower,  (ii) that the representations and warranties  set
forth  in Article VII hereof are true and correct in all material
respects  as though such representations and warranties had  been
made by the Borrower on and as of the date thereof; and (iii)  no
Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing or  if
an  Event of Default or Default has occurred and is continuing  a
statement as to the nature thereof, and whether or not  the  same
shall have been cured.

       8.9.       Reporting  Requirements.   The  Borrower  shall
furnish to the Agent for distribution to the Banks:

      (a)  from time to time as the Agent may reasonably request,
copies  of such statements, lists of Property, accounts,  reports
or  information  prepared by or for the Borrower  or  within  the
Borrower's  control.  In addition, the Borrower shall furnish  to
the  Agent  for distribution to the Banks, within five  (5)  days
after  delivery  thereof to the Borrower's  Board  of  Directors,
copies  of budgets and forecasts prepared by or for the  Borrower
or within the Borrower's control;

      (b) promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after
the  Borrower,  any  of its Subsidiaries or any  ERISA  Affiliate
knows  that any ERISA Event has occurred (other than a Reportable
Event  for  which  notice  to  the PBGC  is  waived),  a  written
statement  of  the  chief financial officer or other  appropriate
officer  of  the  Borrower describing such ERISA  Event  and  the
action,  if  any, which the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries  or
any ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, and  a
copy  of  any  notice filed with the PBGC or the  IRS  pertaining
thereto;

      (c) promptly and in any event within thirty (30) days after
notice  or knowledge thereof, notice that the Borrower or any  of
its  Subsidiaries  becomes  subject  to  the  tax  on  prohibited
transactions imposed by Section 4975 of the Code, together with a
copy of Form 5330;

      (d) promptly after the commencement thereof, notice of  all
actions,  suits and proceedings before any court or  governmental
department, commission, board, bureau, agency or instrumentality,
domestic or foreign, against or affecting the Borrower or any  of
its  Subsidiaries, in which there is a reasonable probability  of
an adverse decision which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

      (e)  promptly upon the Borrower or any of its  Subsidiaries
learning of (i) any Event of Default or any Default, or (ii)  any
Material  Credit  Agreement  Change,  telephonic  or  telegraphic
notice specifying the nature of such Event of Default, Default or
Material  Credit  Agreement  Change,  including  the  anticipated
effect  thereof,  which  notice shall be  promptly  confirmed  in
writing within five days;

      (f) promptly after the sending or filing thereof, copies of
all  reports  which  the Borrower sends to its  security  holders
generally,  and copies of all reports and registration statements
which  the  Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries  files  with  the
Securities  and  Exchange Commission or any  national  securities
exchange;

      (g) promptly upon, and in any event within 30 days of,  the
Borrower  or  any  of its Subsidiaries learning  of  any  of  the
following:

          (i) notice that any Property of the Borrower or any  of
     its  Subsidiaries  is  subject to  any  Environmental  Liens
     individually or in the aggregate which would have a Material
     Adverse Effect;

          (ii) any proposed acquisition of stock, assets or  real
     estate,  or any proposed leasing of Property, or  any  other
     action  by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in  which
     there  is a reasonable probability that the Borrower or  any
     of  its  Subsidiaries  would  be  subject  to  any  material
     Environmental Liabilities and Costs, provided, that, in  the
     event  of  any  such  proposed  acquisition  or  lease,  the
     Borrower  must  furnish  to the Banks  evidence  in  a  form
     acceptable  to the Banks that the proposed acquisition  will
     not have a Material Adverse Effect;

       (h)   prior  to  the  effectiveness  thereof,  information
relating  to  any proposed change in the accounting treatment  or
reporting  practices  of the Borrower and  its  Subsidiaries  the
nature  or  scope of which materially affects the calculation  of
any  component  of  any  financial  covenant,  standard  or  term
contained in this Agreement;

      (i)  prior to the Borrower, or any of its Subsidiaries, (i)
entering  into  any agreement relating to the  sale  of,  or  the
granting  of  a  Lien on, assets having a fair  market  value  of
$10,000,000  or more, or (ii) incurring Indebtedness (other  than
under  the  Loan Documents) pursuant to a single transaction  the
aggregate  principal amount of which is $10,000,000 or more,  the
Borrower shall give the Agent 15 days' notice of its intention to
enter into such an agreement; and

     (j)  from time to time, such other information and materials
as  the  Agent  (or the Banks through the Agent)  may  reasonably
request.

     8.10.     Acquisition Related Loan.  Where the proceeds of a
Loan,  including  the initial Loans, are to  be  made  available,
either directly or indirectly, to an Affiliate of the Borrower in
connection with an acquisition of Equity or assets, the  Borrower
shall,  within  15  Business Days of the  making  of  such  Loan,
deliver  to  the Agent (a) an Acquisition Related  Guaranty  duly
executed  by  such Affiliate (an "Acquisition Related Guarantor")
(which  shall be in addition to, and not in substitution of,  any
Credit  Support Document previously delivered by such  Affiliate)
or  (b)  if  such  Affiliate is incorporated outside  the  United
States  of America and so long as such Affiliate is not itself  a
Subsidiary  of an Affiliate of the Borrower incorporated  outside
the  United  States,  a  Pledge Agreement duly  executed  by  the
Shareholders  of such Affiliate; provided that Clause  (b)  shall
not  apply  to any Affiliate the stock of which is at  that  time
already subject to a valid and binding Pledge Agreement.

     8.11.     Additional Credit Support Documents.  The Borrower
shall  deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, within  five  (5)
Business  Days of delivery to the Agent of a certificate pursuant
to  Section  6(g)(v) of the Parent Guaranty, in respect  of  each
Principal Subsidiary disclosed on the schedule attached  to  such
certificate (a) a Subsidiary Guaranty duly executed by each  such
Principal Subsidiary or (b) if any such Principal Subsidiary is a
Non-U.S.  Subsidiary, either (i) a Pledge Agreement duly executed
by  the Shareholders of such Non-U.S. Subsidiary or (ii) if  such
Principal  Subsidiary is a Subsidiary of a Non-U.S. Affiliate  of
the   Borrower,   a  Pledge  Agreement  duly  executed   by   the
Shareholders of the Person that (x) directly or indirectly,  owns
all  of the stock of such Principal Subsidiary and (y) is  not  a
Subsidiary  of  a  Non-U.S. Affiliate of the Borrower;  provided,
that   this  Section  8.11  shall  not  apply  to  any  Principal
Subsidiary as to which there already is at such time a valid  and
binding Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement (as the case  may
be).

       8.12.   Delivery  of  Opinions.   Concurrently  with   the
execution and delivery of any additional Credit Support Documents
pursuant  to  Sections 8.10 or 8.11 hereof,  the  Borrower  shall
deliver, or shall cause to be delivered, to the Agent an  opinion
of counsel relating to such additional Credit Support Document in
form and substance substantially similar to the opinions rendered
in connection with comparable agreements on the Effective Date.

      8.13.      Year 2000 Compliance.  The Borrower shall  take,
and  shall  cause each of its Subsidiaries to take, all necessary
action  to  complete in all material respects by the end  of  the
time  periods set forth in the Parent Guarantor's Form  10-Q  for
the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 1998, the reprogramming of
computer  software, hardware and firmware systems  and  equipment
containing  embedded microchips owned or operated by or  for  the
Borrower  and  its  Subsidiaries or used or relied  upon  in  the
conduct  of  their  business  (including  systems  and  equipment
supplied by others or with which such systems of the Borrower  or
any of its Subsidiaries interface) as described in such Form 10-Q
and  required  as a result of the Year 2000 Issue to  permit  the
proper  functioning of such computer systems and other  equipment
and the testing of such systems and equipment, as so reprogrammed
except  to the extent that failure to so comply would not have  a
Material  Adverse  Effect.   At the  request  of  the  Bank,  the
Borrower  shall provide, and shall cause each of its Subsidiaries
to  provide,  to the Bank reasonable assurance of its  compliance
with the preceding sentence.

      8.14      Pari Passu Obligations.  The Borrower will ensure
that  its obligations under this Agreement and the Notes will  at
all  time  rank at least pari passu  in priority of payment  with
all  other  present  and  future unsecured  Indebtedness  of  the
Borrower.

       8.15       Corporate  Headquarters.   The  Borrower  shall
continue to maintain dual corporate headquarters: in Oslo, Norway
through Alpharma A.S. and in northern New Jersey (currently  Fort
Lee), U.S.A. through the Parent Guarantor.

     8.16  Indebtedness  Under  Other Facilities.   The  Borrower
shall  ensure  that (i) on and as of the Agreement Date,  neither
the  Borrower  nor  any  of the Parent's Guarantors  Subsidiaries
shall  incur  any additional Indebtedness under the  Summit  Bank
Facility,  the Vanomycin Facility and the Prior UBN Facility  and
(ii) on and as of February 5, 1999, all amounts outstanding under
the  Summit Bank Facility, the Vanomycin Facility and  the  Prior
UBN   Facility  shall  have  been  repaid  and  all   commitments
thereunder canceled.



                           ARTICLE IX

                       NEGATIVE COVENANTS

      So  long  as  any of the Loans or any other  amounts  shall
remain  unpaid  or any Bank shall have any Commitment  hereunder,
unless  otherwise agreed by the written consent of  the  Majority
Banks:

      9.1.      Liens, Etc.  The Borrower shall not, directly  or
indirectly,  create  or suffer to exist, or  permit  any  of  its
Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or  with
respect  to any of its Properties, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, or assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign,
any  right  to receive income, in each case to secure or  provide
for  the  payment  of  any Indebtedness  of  any  Person,  except
Permitted Liens.

       9.2.       Mergers.   The  Borrower  shall  not  merge  or
consolidate  in any transaction in which it is not the  surviving
Person.   The  Borrower shall not, without  the  consent  of  the
Majority  Banks,  permit  any of its  Subsidiaries  to  merge  or
consolidate  in any transaction in which such Subsidiary  is  not
the surviving Person other than in mergers of any Subsidiary into
the  Borrower,  the  Parent Guarantor or any other  wholly  owned
Subsidiary  of  the  Borrower or the  Parent  Guarantor  that  is
incorporated in the U.S.; provided, that with respect to  mergers
in  which the surviving entity is not the Borrower or the  Parent
Guarantor, then the Borrower shall cause such surviving entity to
deliver a Subsidiary Guaranty if immediately after the merger the
surviving entity is a Principal Subsidiary (as determined at such
time)  in  respect of which there is not, at such time, a  valid,
legal and binding Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement.

      9.3.  Substantial Asset Sale. The Borrower shall  not,  and
shall  not  permit  any  of  its Subsidiaries  to,  sell,  lease,
transfer or otherwise dispose of all or any substantial  part  of
its   or  their  assets  (including  any  of  the  stock  of  the
Scandinavian  Principal Companies owned by it  or  them),  except
that this Section 9.3 shall not apply to:

     (a) any disposition of assets in the ordinary course of
business;

      (b) any disposition of assets (other than assets consisting
of  the  stock of the Scandinavian Principal Companies or  assets
owned  by  the  Scandinavian  Principal  Companies)  (A)  to  the
Borrower,  the  Parent Guarantor or any Principal Subsidiary  (in
respect of which there is in existence a legal, valid and binding
Subsidiary  Guaranty  or  Pledge  Agreement)  or  (B)  where  the
proceeds of such disposition (I) consist solely of cash  or  Cash
Equivalents  and  (II) the Net Cash Proceeds of such  disposition
are  first  applied  towards the prepayment  of  any  Loans  then
outstanding in accordance with Section 5.4(a); provided, that for
purposes  of  this  Section  9.3, any such  prepayment  shall  be
effected on the next succeeding day on which an interest  payment
is due in respect of the Loan being prepaid after consummation of
the  asset  sale,  and if such day is not the  last  day  of  the
Interest  Period in respect of the Loan or Loans  being  prepaid,
the  Borrower  shall  continue to be  liable  for  any  costs  or
expenses pursuant to Section 12.4(c); or

      (c)  the contribution by Wade Jones Company, Inc., a  Texas
corporation,  an indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of  the  Parent
Guarantor  ("Wade Jones"), of assets relating to the distribution
activities  of  Wade Jones in connection with  the  formation  of
Wynco,  LLC, a limited liability company, among Wade  Jones,  G&M
Animal  Health  Distributors, Inc., a corporation duly  organised
under  the  State  of  Arkansas, and  T&H  Distributors,  LLC,  a
Delaware limited liability company.

      9.4. Transactions with Affiliates.  The Borrower shall  not
engage  in, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries to engage
in,  any transaction with an Affiliate of the Borrower or of such
Subsidiary  other  than transactions in the  ordinary  course  of
business   between  a  Subsidiary  and  its   parent   or   among
Subsidiaries of the Borrower that are on terms no less  favorable
to the Borrower or such Subsidiaries than as would be obtained in
a comparable arms-length transaction.

      9.5.       Restrictions on Indebtedness.  (a) The  Borrower
shall  not incur, and shall not permit its Subsidiaries to incur,
Indebtedness  except  (subject to  clause  (b)  below)  Permitted
Indebtedness.

      (b)   No Permitted Indebtedness may be incurred unless  the
Parent  Guarantor  or the Borrower shall have complied  with  the
provisions of Section 7(f) of the Parent Guaranty.

     (c)  The Borrower shall not, and shall not permit any of its
Subsidiaries  to, make any voluntary prepayments of principal  in
respect  of  Subordinated Indebtedness so long as there  are  any
amounts  outstanding under this Agreement or the Notes.  For  the
avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that this clause (c)  shall
not  restrict  payments of principal in respect  of  Subordinated
Indebtedness  so  long as (i) such Subordinated  Indebtedness  is
evidenced  by convertible bonds, notes or debentures,  (ii)  such
payment  is  being made in connection with the  exercise  by  the
issuer  thereof  of  the  conversion option  applicable  to  such
Indebtedness  at a time when the conversion option applicable  to
such  Indebtedness  is  at a price lower than  the  then  present
market price of the security issuable upon conversion, (iii) such
payment  is  not being made any earlier than three years  of  the
date of issuance of such Indebtedness and (iv) the Majority Banks
have  consented  to  such payment (which  consent  shall  not  be
unreasonably withheld).


                           ARTICLE X

                       EVENTS OF DEFAULT

     10.1.     Events of Default.  If any of the following events
("Events of Default") shall occur and be continuing:

      (a) The Borrower or any other Loan Party shall fail to  pay
(i)  any  principal  when due in accordance with  the  terms  and
provisions of this Agreement or any other Loan Document, or  (ii)
any  interest on any amounts due hereunder or thereunder, or  any
fee  or any other amount due hereunder or thereunder within  five
Business Days after the same becomes due and payable; or

     (b) Any representation or warranty made by any Loan Party in
this  Agreement or any other Loan Document or by any  Loan  Party
(or any of its officers) in connection with this Agreement or any
other  Loan  Document shall prove to have been incorrect  in  any
material respect when made; or

      (c)  The Borrower or any other Loan Party shall default  in
the performance or observance of any term, covenant condition  or
agreement contained in Section 8.9(e) of the Credit Agreement  or
Section 6(h)(v) of the Parent Guaranty, respectively; or

      (d)  Any  Loan Party shall fail to perform or  observe  any
term,  covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement  or  any
other  Loan  Document,  which  failure  or  change  shall  remain
unremedied for (i) forty-five (45) days, in the case of the terms
and  covenants contained in Section 8 of the Parent Guaranty, and
(ii)  thirty (30) days, in the case of all other terms, covenants
or  agreements  not  otherwise specifically dealt  with  in  this
Section 10.1, and in either case after the earlier of the date on
which  (x)  telephonic, telefaxed or telegraphic  notice  thereof
shall  have  been given to the Agent by the Borrower pursuant  to
Section 8.9(e), (y) written notice thereof shall have been  given
to  the  Borrower by the Agent or (z) the Borrower or  any  other
Loan Party knows, or should have known, of such failure; or

      (e)  The  Borrower, the Parent Guarantor or  any  of  their
Subsidiaries  shall fail to pay any principal of, or  premium  or
interest on, any Indebtedness for Borrowed Money of the Borrower,
the  Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary, in an aggregate  amount
of not less than $2,500,000 when the same becomes due and payable
(whether    by    scheduled   maturity,   required    prepayment,
acceleration,  demand  or otherwise); or any  other  event  shall
occur  or condition shall exist under any agreement or instrument
relating  to  any such Indebtedness for Borrowed  Money,  if  the
effect  of such event or condition is to accelerate, or to permit
the  acceleration  of, the maturity of such  Indebtedness  or  to
terminate any commitment to lend; or any such Indebtedness  shall
be  declared  to be due and payable, or required  to  be  prepaid
(other than by a regularly scheduled required prepayment),  prior
to  the  stated maturity thereof and, with respect to all of  the
foregoing,  after  the  expiration of  the  earlier  of  (i)  any
applicable grace period or the giving of any required  notice  or
both  and  (ii)  a period of 30 days after such Indebtedness  for
Borrowed Money first became due; or

     (f) Each of the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor or any of the
Principal Subsidiaries shall generally not pay its debts as  such
debts become due, or shall admit in writing its inability to  pay
its  debts generally, or shall make a general assignment for  the
benefit  of creditors, or any proceedings shall be instituted  by
or  against  the Borrower, the Parent Guarantor  or  any  of  the
Principal  Subsidiaries seeking to adjudicate it  a  bankrupt  or
insolvent,  or  seeking liquidation, winding up,  reorganization,
arrangement, adjustment, protection, relief, or composition of it
or  its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency or
reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking the entry  of  an
order  for  relief or the appointment of a receiver,  trustee  or
other  similar  official for it or for a  material  part  of  its
Property  employed  in  its  business or  any  writ,  attachment,
execution or similar process shall be issued or levied against  a
material  part  of the Property employed in the business  of  the
Borrower   or   the   Parent  Guarantor  and   their   respective
Subsidiaries  taken  as a whole, and, in the  case  of  any  such
proceedings  instituted  against  the  Borrower  or  the   Parent
Guarantor  or  any  of  the  Principal  Subsidiaries   (but   not
instituted   by  it),  either  such  proceedings   shall   remain
undismissed  or unstayed for a period of 60 days or  any  of  the
actions  sought in such proceedings shall occur; or the Borrower,
the  Parent Guarantor or any of the Principal Subsidiaries  shall
take  any  corporate action to authorize any of the  actions  set
forth above in this subsection (f); or

      (g)  Any order for the payment of money or judgment of  any
court,  not appealable or not subject to certiorari or appeal  (a
"Final Judgment"), which, with other outstanding Final Judgments,
exceeds an aggregate of $5,000,000 shall be rendered against  the
Borrower or any of its Principal Subsidiaries and, within 60 days
after  entry  thereof, such Final Judgment shall  not  have  been
discharged; or

      (h) (i) With respect to any Plan, a final determination  is
made  that a prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section
4975  of  the Code or Section 406 of ERISA occurred which results
in  direct  or indirect liability of the Borrower or any  of  its
Principal Subsidiaries, (ii) with respect to any Title  IV  Plan,
the filing of a notice to voluntarily terminate any such plan  in
a  distress  termination, (iii) with respect to any Multiemployer
Plan,  the Borrower, any of its Principal Subsidiaries or any  of
its   or  their  ERISA  Affiliates  shall  incur  any  Withdrawal
Liability,  or  (iv)  with  respect to any  Qualified  Plan,  the
Borrower,  any  of its Principal Subsidiaries or any  of  its  or
their   ERISA  Affiliates  shall  incur  an  accumulated  funding
deficiency  or  request a funding waiver from the  IRS;  provided
that,  in each case in clause (i) through (iv) above, such  event
or  condition, together will all other such events or conditions,
if  any,  would  be reasonably likely to have a Material  Adverse
Effect; or

     (i) This Agreement or any other Loan Document shall cease to
be  valid  or enforceable for any reason in any material respect;
provided,  that in the case of the invalidity or unenforceability
of  a Credit Support Document, such event shall not constitute  a
Default  if  the Borrower shall have delivered, or caused  to  be
delivered, within 15 days of learning or receiving notice of such
invalidity  or  unenforceability additional  security  or  credit
support in form and substance satisfactory to the Agent;

     (j) A Material Adverse Change shall occur; or

      (k)   The  Borrower, the Parent Guarantor or any  of  their
Subsidiaries  (i) shall incur Indebtedness other  than  Permitted
Indebtedness  the  aggregate  amount  of  which   at   any   time
outstanding exceeds $1,000,000, (ii) shall become liable  to  any
Person in respect of Permitted Indebtedness and such Person shall
not  have  (within  30 days of the incurrence thereof)  become  a
party  to the Intercreditor Agreement or (iii) any party  to  the
Intercreditor Agreement (other than a Bank) shall have materially
breached any term or provision of the Intercreditor Agreement;

then,  (A)  and  in any such event, the Agent (I)  shall  at  the
request,  or  may  with the consent, of the  Majority  Banks,  by
notice  to the Borrower, declare the obligation of each  Bank  to
make  Loans to be terminated, whereupon the same shall  forthwith
terminate,  and  (II)  shall at the  request,  or  may  with  the
consent,  of  the  Majority Banks, by  notice  to  the  Borrower,
declare  all amounts due under this Agreement (including, without
limitation, all amounts of Letter of Credit Liabilities,  whether
or  not  the  beneficiaries of the then  outstanding  Letters  of
Credit  shall  have presented the documents required  thereunder)
and  all  interest  thereon  to be  forthwith  due  and  payable,
whereupon  all  amounts  due under this Agreement  and  all  such
interest  and all such amounts shall become and be forthwith  due
and  payable;  provided, however, that upon an actual  or  deemed
entry of an order for relief with respect to the Borrower or  the
Guarantor or any of its Principal Subsidiaries under the  federal
Bankruptcy  Code, (x) the obligation of each Bank to  make  Loans
shall  automatically be terminated and (y) all amounts due  under
this  Agreement and all such interest and all such amounts  shall
automatically and without further notice become and  be  due  and
payable.  In addition to the remedies set forth above, the  Agent
may exercise any other remedies provided for by this Agreement in
accordance  with the terms hereof or any other remedies  provided
by applicable law; and

(B)   with respect to all Letters of Credit with respect to which
presentment for honor shall not have occurred at the time  of  an
acceleration  pursuant to the preceding paragraph,  the  Borrower
shall at such time deposit in a cash collateral account opened by
the  Working Capital Agent an amount equal to the aggregate  then
undrawn  and unexpired amount of such Letters of Credit.  Amounts
held  in  such  cash collateral account shall be applied  by  the
Working  Capital Agent to the payment of drafts drawn under  such
Letters of Credit, and the unused portion thereof after all  such
Letters of Credit shall have expired or been fully drawn upon, if
any,  shall be applied to repay other obligations of the Borrower
hereunder and under the Notes.  After all such Letters of  Credit
shall  have  expired or been fully drawn upon, all  Reimbursement
Obligations  shall have been satisfied and all other  obligations
of  the  Borrower  hereunder and under the  Notes  then  due  and
payable  shall have been paid in full, the balance,  if  any,  in
such  cash  collateral account shall be returned to the Borrower.
The  Borrower hereby grants to the Agent, for the ratable benefit
of the Lenders, as collateral security for the payment in full of
the  obligations  of  the Borrower under the  Loan  Documents,  a
security  interest in all amounts from time to time held  in  the
cash collateral account maintained pursuant to this paragraph.


                           ARTICLE XI

              THE AGENT AND WORKING CAPITAL AGENT

      11.1.      Authorization and Action. (a) Each  Bank  hereby
appoints and authorizes the Agent to take such action as agent on
its  behalf  and to exercise such powers under this Agreement  as
are  delegated  to such Agent by the terms hereof, together  with
such  powers  as  are reasonably incidental thereto.  As  to  any
matters  not expressly provided for by this Agreement, the  Agent
shall  not  be required to exercise any discretion  or  take  any
action,  but  shall be required to act or to refrain from  acting
(and  shall  be  fully protected in so acting or refraining  from
acting)  upon  the instructions of the Majority  Banks  (or  when
expressly   required  hereunder,  all  the   Banks),   and   such
instructions shall be binding upon all Banks; provided,  however,
that  the  Agent  shall not be required to take any  action  that
exposes  the  Agent to personal liability or that is contrary  to
this  Agreement or applicable law. The Agent agrees  to  give  to
each  Bank  prompt  notice of each notice  given  to  it  by  the
Borrower pursuant to the terms of this Agreement.

     (b) Each Working Capital Bank hereby appoints and authorizes
the  Working  Capital Agent to take such action as agent  on  its
behalf  and to exercise such powers under this Agreement  as  are
delegated  to  such  Working Capital Agent by the  terms  hereof,
together  with such powers as are reasonably incidental  thereto.
As  to  any matters not expressly provided for by this Agreement,
the  Working Capital Agent shall not be required to exercise  any
discretion or take any action, but shall be required to act or to
refrain from acting (and shall be fully protected in so acting or
refraining  from  acting) upon the instructions of  the  Majority
Working Capital Banks (or when expressly required hereunder,  all
the  Working  Capital  Banks), and  such  instructions  shall  be
binding  upon all Working Capital Banks; provided, however,  that
the  Working  Capital  Agent shall not be required  to  take  any
action  that  exposes  the  Working  Capital  Agent  to  personal
liability  or  that is contrary to this Agreement  or  applicable
law.  The  Working Capital Agent agrees to give to  each  Working
Capital Bank prompt notice of each notice

      11.2.      The Agent's Reliance, Etc. Neither the Agent  or
the Working Capital Agent, their respective Affiliates nor any of
their  respective directors, officers, agents or employees  shall
be  liable for any action taken or omitted to be taken by any  of
them  under or in connection with this Agreement, except for  its
own gross negligence or willful misconduct. Without limitation of
the  generality of the foregoing, (i) the Agent and  the  Working
Capital  Agent may consult with legal counsel (including  counsel
to  the  Borrower),  independent  public  accountants  and  other
experts  selected by it and shall not be liable  for  any  action
taken  or  omitted to be taken in good faith by it in  accordance
with  the  advice of such counsel, accountants or  experts;  (ii)
neither the Agent nor the Working Capital Agent make any warranty
or  representation to any Bank or Working Capital  Bank  (as  the
case may be) and it shall not be responsible to any Bank for  any
statements,  warranties  or  representations  made   in   or   in
connection  with this Agreement; (iii) the Agent and the  Working
Capital Agent shall have no duty to ascertain or to inquire as to
the  performance or observance of any of the terms, covenants  or
conditions  of this Agreement on the part of the Borrower  or  to
inspect the Properties (including the books and records)  of  the
Borrower; (iv) the Agent and the Working Capital Agent shall  not
be  responsible  to  any  Bank for the due  execution,  legality,
validity,  enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or  value  of
this  Agreement  or  any other instrument or  document  furnished
pursuant hereto; and (v) the Agent and the Working Capital  Agent
shall  not  incur liability under or in respect of this Agreement
by   acting  upon  any  notice,  consent,  certificate  or  other
instrument or writing (which may be by telegram, cable or  telex)
believed  by  it to be genuine and signed or sent by  the  proper
party or parties.

      11.3.      Union  Bank of Norway and Den norske  Bank  ASA.
With  respect  to the Commitments of Union Bank  of  Norway,  Den
norske Bank ASA and Summit Bank, respectively, and the Loans made
by  each  of them, each of Union Bank of Norway, Den norske  Bank
ASA  and Summit Bank shall have the same rights and powers  under
this  Agreement as any other Bank and may exercise  the  same  as
though it were not an Agent, Working Capital Agent, Documentation
Agent, Arranger or Co-Arranger, as the case may be; and the  term
"Bank"  or  "Banks" shall, unless otherwise expressly  indicated,
include  each  of Union Bank of Norway, Den norske Bank  ASA  and
Summit Bank in their individual capacities. Each of Union Bank of
Norway,  Den norske Bank ASA and Summit Bank and their respective
Affiliates  may  accept  deposits from, lend  money  to,  act  as
trustee under indentures of, and generally engage in any kind  of
business  with,  the  Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries  and  any
Person who may do business with or own securities of the Borrower
or  any  such  Subsidiary, all as if Union Bank  of  Norway,  Den
norske  Bank ASA and Summit Bank as the case may be, were not  an
Agent, Working Capital Agent, Documentation Agent, Arranger or Co-
Arranger,  as  the case may be, and without any duty  to  account
therefor to the Banks.

     11.4.     Bank Credit Decision.  Each Bank acknowledges that
it  has,  independently and without reliance upon the Agent,  the
Working  Capital Agent, the Documentation Agent, the Arranger  or
the  Co-Arranger  or any other Bank, and based on  the  financial
statements  referred to in Article VII and such  other  documents
and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit
analysis  and  decision to enter into this Agreement.  Each  Bank
also   acknowledges  that  it  will,  independently  and  without
reliance upon the Agent, the Working Capital Agent, the Arranger,
the Co-Arranger or any other Bank and based on such documents and
information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to
make  its  own  credit decisions in taking or not  taking  action
under this Agreement.

      11.5.     Determinations Under Sections 6.1. and 6.2.   For
purposes  of determining compliance with the conditions specified
in  Sections  6.1  and 6.2, each Bank shall  be  deemed  to  have
consented to, approved or accepted, or to be satisfied with  each
document  or other matter required thereunder to be consented  to
or  approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to the Banks unless
an   officer  of  the  Agent  responsible  for  the  transactions
contemplated  by this Agreement shall have received  notice  from
such  Bank  prior  to  the  applicable Borrowing  specifying  its
objection   thereto  (unless  such  objection  shall  have   been
withdrawn  by  notice to the Agent to that effect  or  such  Bank
shall  have made available to the Agent or Working Capital  Agent
(as  the  case  may  be)  such Bank's  ratable  portion  of  such
Borrowing).

       11.6.      Indemnification.   Each  (a)  Bank  agrees   to
indemnify  the  Agent  and  its respective  Affiliates,  and  its
respective  directors, officers, employees, agents  and  advisors
(to the extent not reimbursed by the Borrower), ratably according
to  such Bank's Ratable Portion of the Term Loan Commitments  and
the  Revolving Credit Commitments, and (b) Working  Capital  Bank
agrees  to indemnify the Working Capital Agent and its respective
Affiliates,  and  its respective directors, officers,  employees,
agents  and  advisors  (to  the  extent  not  reimbursed  by  the
Borrower),  ratably according to such Bank's Ratable  Portion  of
the  Working  Capital Loan Commitments, in  each  case  from  and
against  any  and all liabilities, obligations, losses,  damages,
penalties,   actions,  judgments,  suits,  costs,   expenses   or
disbursements   (including,   without   limitation,   fees    and
disbursements of legal counsel) of any kind or nature  whatsoever
which  may  be imposed on, incurred by, or asserted against,  any
such  Person  in  any  way relating to or  arising  out  of  this
Agreement or any action taken or omitted by any such Person under
this  Agreement; provided, however, that no Bank shall be  liable
for   any  portion  of  such  liabilities,  obligations,  losses,
damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or
disbursements  resulting from any such Person's gross  negligence
or  willful misconduct or from any violation or alleged violation
by  any  such  Person  or any other Bank  of  any  law,  rule  or
regulation or any guideline or request from any central  bank  or
other Governmental Authority (whether or not having the force  of
law)  or, with respect to the Agent or the Working Capital Agent,
any conflict or alleged conflict between its rights and duties in
its  capacity as such or as a Bank under this Agreement  and  any
other rights or duties it may have in any other capacity in which
it   may   act  in  connection  with  the  consummation  of   the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement, whether or not  such
Bank  is a party to such transactions. Without limitation of  the
foregoing, each Bank agrees to reimburse any such Person promptly
upon  demand for its ratable share of any out-of-pocket  expenses
(including  fees  and disbursements of one counsel)  incurred  by
such  Person  in  connection  with  the  preparation,  execution,
delivery,  administration, modification, amendment or enforcement
(whether  through negotiations, legal proceedings  or  otherwise)
of,  or  legal  advice  in respect of rights or  responsibilities
under,  this  Agreement, to the extent that such  Person  is  not
reimbursed for such expenses by the Borrower.

      11.7.      Successor  Agents/Working Capital  Agents.   Any
Agent  or  the Working Capital Agent may resign at  any  time  by
giving  written notice thereof to the Banks and the Borrower  and
may be removed at any time with cause by the Majority Banks. Upon
any  such  resignation or removal, the Majority Banks shall  have
the right to appoint a successor to such Agent or Working Capital
Agent,  as  the  case may be. If no successor to  such  Agent  or
Working  Capital Agent, as the case may be, shall  have  been  so
appointed  by  the Majority Banks, and shall have  accepted  such
appointment, within 30 days after the retiring Agent's or Working
Capital  Agent's,  as  the  case may  be,  giving  of  notice  of
resignation or the Majority Banks removal of such retiring  Agent
or  Working  Capital  Agent,  as  the  case  may  be,  then  such
(retiring)  Agent  on  behalf  of  the  Banks,  shall  appoint  a
successor  Agent or Working Capital Agent, as the  case  may  be,
(which successor Agent or Working Capital Agent, as the case  may
be,  shall  be a Bank or another commercial bank organized  under
the  laws  of  a member nation of the Organization  for  Economic
Cooperation  and  Development and having a combined  capital  and
surplus  of  at least $100,000,000). Upon the acceptance  of  any
appointment as an Agent or Working Capital agent, as the case may
be, hereunder by any successor Agent or Working Capital agent, as
the  case may be, such successor Agent or Working Capital  Agent,
as  the case may be, shall thereupon succeed to and become vested
with  all  the  rights,  powers, privileges  and  duties  of  the
retiring Agent or Working Capital Agent, as the case may be,  and
such  retiring Agent  or Working Capital Agent, as the  case  may
be,  shall  be  discharged from its duties and obligations  under
this  Agreement.   After any retiring Agent's or Working  Capital
Agent's resignation or removal hereunder, the provisions of  this
Article XI shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken  or
omitted  to be taken by it while it was Agent or Working  Capital
Agent, as the case may be.

      11.8.      Notices  and Forwarding of Documents  to  Banks.
Promptly  upon  receipt of the same, the Agent  and  the  Working
Capital Agent (as the case may be) shall furnish to the Banks and
the  Working  Capital Banks (as the case may be)  copies  of  all
notices received from the Borrower or any other Loan Party.


                          ARTICLE XII

                         MISCELLANEOUS

      12.1.      Amendments, Etc.  No amendment or waiver of  any
provision  of  this  Agreement or any other  Loan  Document,  nor
consent to any departure by the Borrower therefrom, shall in  any
event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed
by  the  Majority Banks and then such waiver or consent shall  be
effective  only  in the specific instance and  for  the  specific
purpose for which given; provided, however, that:

     (a) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing
signed by all the Banks and consented to by all of the Banks,  do
any  of  the following: (i) waive any of the conditions specified
in Section 6.1 or 6.2; (ii) increase the Commitments of the Banks
or  subject the Banks to any additional obligations; (iii) change
the  principal  of,  or  decrease the interest  on,  any  amounts
payable  hereunder  or reduce the amount of  any  Commitment  Fee
payable to the Banks hereunder; (iv) postpone any date fixed  for
any scheduled payment of any Commitment Fee, or scheduled payment
of  principal of, or interest on, any amounts, payable hereunder;
(v)  change the definition of Majority Banks; (vi) terminate,  or
release  the  Parent  Guarantor from its obligations  under,  the
Parent Guaranty or (vii) amend this Section 12.1; and

     (b) no amendment, waiver or consent shall, unless in writing
and  signed by the Agent or the Working Capital Agent in addition
to  the  Persons required above to take such action,  affect  the
rights  or  duties  of  the Agent or the Working  Capital  Agent,
respectively, under this Agreement.

      12.2.      Notices,  Etc.  Except as  otherwise  set  forth
herein,  all  notices  and  other  communications  provided   for
hereunder  shall  be  in writing (including  telegraphic,  telex,
telecopy   or   cable  communication)  and  mailed,  telegraphed,
telexed, telecopied, cabled or delivered by hand,

     (i) if to the Borrower, at:

         Alpharma U.S. Inc.
         c/o Alpharma Inc.
         One Executive Drive
         Fort Lee, NJ 07024
         Attn: Albert Marchio
               Treasurer
         Telephone:  (201) 947-7774
         Telefax:    (201) 947-0795

               and to:

         Robert Wrobel, Esq.
         Vice President and
         Chief Legal Officer

         Telephone:  (201) 947-7774
         Telecopy:   (201) 592-1481


     (ii)      if to the Agent, at:

         Union Bank of Norway
         Loan Administration
         P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
         N-0107 Oslo
         Telephone: 011-47-22-31-90-50
         Telecopy:  011-47-22-31-85-58
         Attn: Loan Administration

     (iii)     if to the Working Capital Agent, at:

         Summit Bank
         750 Walnut Avenue
         Cranford, New Jersey 07016
         Telephone: (908) 709-5458
         Telecopy:  (908) 931-0399
         Attn: Syndications/Loan Operations


         (iv) if to any Bank, at its Lending Office specified  on
         the  signature pages hereof, and if to any other  lender
         that  becomes a "Bank", at its Lending Office  specified
         in  the Notice of Assignment and Acceptance by which  it
         became a Bank;

or,  as  to  the  Borrower, any Bank, the Agent  or  the  Working
Capital  Agent, at such other address as shall be  designated  by
such  party in a written notice to the other parties and,  as  to
each other party, at such other address as shall be designated by
such party in a written notice to the Borrower and the Agent. All
such  notices and communications shall, when mailed, telegraphed,
telexed,  telecopied,  cabled  or delivered,  be  effective  when
deposited  in  the  mails, delivered to  the  telegraph  company,
confirmed  by  telex answerback, telecopied with confirmation  of
receipt,  delivered to the cable company, delivered by  overnight
courier with confirmation of receipt or delivered by hand to  the
addressee,  or its agent, respectively, except that  notices  and
communications to the Agent or the Working Capital Agent pursuant
to  Articles  II,  III,  IV or XI shall not  be  effective  until
received  by the Agent or the Working Capital Agent (as the  case
may be).

      12.3.      No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the part  of
any Bank, the Agent or the Working Capital Agent to exercise, and
no  delay in exercising, any right hereunder shall operate  as  a
waiver  thereof; nor shall any single or partial exercise of  any
such right preclude any other or further exercise thereof or  the
exercise  of  any other right.  The remedies herein provided  are
cumulative and not exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

      12.4.      Costs; Expenses; Indemnities.  (a) The  Borrower
agrees  to  pay  on demand all reasonable costs and  expenses  in
connection    with   the   preparation,   execution,    delivery,
administration, modification and amendment of this Agreement, the
other  Loan  Documents and the other documents  to  be  delivered
hereunder  or  thereunder,  including,  without  limitation,  the
specified  reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of  counsel
to  the Agent with respect thereto (such fees and expenses to  be
payable  on the Effective Date) and with respect to advising  the
Agent  as  to  their  rights  and  responsibilities  under   this
Agreement, and all costs and expenses of the Agent and the  Banks
(including,  without  limitation,  reasonable  counsel  fees  and
expenses)  in  connection with the enforcement  (whether  through
negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this  Agreement,
the  other Loan Documents and the other documents to be delivered
hereunder and thereunder.

      (b)  The  Borrower  agrees to defend,  indemnify  and  hold
harmless  each  of the Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger,  the
Working Capital Agent, the Documentation Agent and the Banks  and
their  respective  affiliates  and  their  respective  directors,
officers,  attorneys, agents, employees, successors  and  assigns
(each,  an  "Indemnified Person") from and against  any  and  all
liabilities,  obligations, losses, damages,  penalties,  actions,
claims,  judgments, suits, costs, expenses and  disbursements  of
any  kind  or  nature whatsoever (including, without  limitation,
fees  and  disbursements  of counsel of the  Agent,  the  Working
Capital  Agent,  the Documentation Agent, the Arranger,  the  Co-
Arranger  or  the Banks) which may be incurred by or asserted  or
awarded  against any Indemnified Person, in each case arising  in
any  manner  of  or  in  connection with or  by  reason  of  this
Agreement,  the  other  Loan Documents, the  Commitments  or  any
undertakings in connection therewith, or the proposed  or  actual
application  of the proceeds of the Loans (all of  the  foregoing
collectively,  the "Indemnified Liabilities") and will  reimburse
each  Indemnified  Person on a current  basis  for  all  properly
documented expenses (including outside counsel fees as  they  are
incurred   by  such  party)  in  connection  with  investigating,
preparing or defending any such action, claim or suit, whether or
not   in   connection  with  pending  or  threatened   litigation
irrespective  of whether such Indemnified Person is designated  a
party  thereto;  provided that the Borrower shall  not  have  any
liability  hereunder to any Indemnified Person  with  respect  to
Indemnified  Liabilities  which are  determined  by  a  court  of
competent  jurisdiction to have arisen primarily from  the  gross
negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnified Person;  and
provided  further,  that if the Borrower has determined  in  good
faith that such Indemnified Liabilities were primarily the result
of   such   Indemnified  Person's  gross  negligence  or  willful
misconduct,  it  shall not be obligated to pay  such  Indemnified
Liabilities   until  a  court  of  competent   jurisdiction   has
determined  whether  such  Indemnified Person  acted  with  gross
negligence or willful misconduct. If for any reason the foregoing
indemnification  is  unavailable  to  an  Indemnified  Person  or
insufficient  to  hold an Indemnified Person harmless,  then  the
Borrower shall contribute to the amount paid or payable  by  such
Indemnified  Person as a result of any Indemnified  Liability  in
such  proportion  as  is  appropriate to  reflect  not  only  the
relative  benefits received by the Borrower and  the  Agent,  the
Arranger,  the  Co-Arranger,  the  Working  Capital  Agent,   the
Documentation Agent,  and each Bank, but also the relative  fault
of the Borrower and the Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger, the
Working Capital Agent, the Documentation Agent and each Bank,  as
well   as  any  other  relevant  equitable  considerations.   The
foregoing indemnity shall be in addition to any rights  that  any
Indemnified   Person  may  have  at  common  law  or   otherwise,
including, but not limited to, any right to contribution.

      (c) If any Eurodollar Loans are Consolidated or if any Bank
receives  any payment of principal of any Eurodollar  Loan  other
than on the last day of an Interest Period relating to such Loan,
as  a  result of any payment made by the Borrower or acceleration
of  the maturity of the amounts due under this Agreement pursuant
to Section 11.1 or for any other reason, the Borrower shall, upon
demand by such Bank (with a copy of such demand to the Agent (or,
in  the event such demand relates to a Eurodollar Working Capital
Loan, the Working Capital Agent), pay to the Agent of the Working
Capital  Agent (as the case may be) for the account of such  Bank
any  amounts required to compensate such Bank for any  additional
losses,  costs  or expenses which it may reasonably  incur  as  a
result  of  such  payment  or Consolidation,  including,  without
limitation, any loss, cost or expense incurred by reason  of  the
liquidation  or reemployment of deposits or other funds  acquired
by  such  Bank  to  fund  or maintain such  Loan.  The  foregoing
obligations of the Borrower contained in paragraphs (a), (b)  and
(c)  of  this  Section 12.4, and the obligations of the  Borrower
contained  in  Sections 5.6(b), 5.8 and 5.9,  shall  survive  the
payment of the Loans.

      12.5.      Right  of Set-off.  Upon (i) the occurrence  and
during  the  continuance of any Event of  Default  and  (ii)  the
making of the request or the granting of the consent specified by
Section 10.1 to authorize the Agent to declare all amounts  under
this  Agreement  due and payable pursuant to  the  provisions  of
Section  10.1  or  the  automatic acceleration  of  such  amounts
pursuant  to  the proviso to that Section, each  Bank  is  hereby
authorized  at  any time and from time to time,  to  the  fullest
extent  permitted  by  law, to set off  and  apply  any  and  all
deposits  (general  or  special, time or demand,  provisional  or
final) at any time held and other indebtedness at any time  owing
by  such Bank to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower
against  any  and all of the obligations of the Borrower  now  or
hereafter  existing under this Agreement irrespective of  whether
or  not such Bank shall have made any demand under this Agreement
and  although such obligations may be unmatured. Each Bank agrees
promptly  to  notify  the Borrower after  any  such  set-off  and
application  made  by  such  Bank; provided,  however,  that  the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
set-off  and  application. The rights of  each  Bank  under  this
Section  12.5  are in addition to any other rights  and  remedies
(including,  without  limitation, any other  rights  of  set-off)
which such Bank may have.

      12.6.      Binding  Effect.   This Agreement  shall  become
effective  when it shall have been executed by the Borrower,  the
Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger, the Documentation Agent and
the  Working  Capital Agent and when the Agent  shall  have  been
notified by each of the Banks that such Bank has executed it  and
thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of  the
Borrower,  the Agent, the Arranger, the Co-Arranger, the  Working
Capital Agent, the Documentation Agent and each of the Banks  and
their  respective  successors and assigns, except  that  (i)  the
Borrower  shall have no right to assign its rights  hereunder  or
any  interest  herein without the prior written  consent  of  the
Banks  and  (ii)  no Bank may sell, transfer, assign,  pledge  or
grant  participation in any of its Loans or any of its rights  or
obligations hereunder except in accordance with Section  12.7  or
as expressly required hereunder.

      12.7.      Assignments and Participation; Additional Banks.
(a)  Any  Bank may, at any time, by notice substantially  in  the
form  of  Exhibit  K  hereto (each, a "Notice of  Assignment  and
Acceptance")  delivered  to  the Agent  for  its  acceptance  and
recording, together with a recording fee in the amount of $1,500,
assign all or any part of its rights and obligations and delegate
its  duties  under this Agreement (A) to any other  Bank  or  any
affiliate of any Bank which actually controls, is controlled  by,
or  is  under  common control with such Bank or  to  any  Federal
Reserve Bank (in either case without limitation as to amount), or
(B)  with the prior consent of the Borrower (provided that if all
amounts  due  under this Agreement have been declared immediately
due  and payable no such consent shall be required), to any other
Person (but if in part, in a minimum amount of $10,000,000 or, if
less,  the  balance  of  such Bank's  Term  Loan  Commitment  and
Revolving Credit Commitment); provided, however, that no Bank may
make  any  such assignment or delegation of any of its rights  or
duties under this Agreement until the one hundredth day after the
Effective Date (or such other date as may be agreed by the  Agent
and  the  Banks),  except to any affiliate  of  such  Bank  which
actually  controls, is controlled by, or is under common  control
with  such  Bank  or to any Federal Reserve Bank;  and  provided,
further,  that  after any such assignment, the  assigning  Bank's
aggregate   Commitments  hereunder  shall  not   be   less   than
$10,000,000.

     (b) Any Bank may at any time sell or grant participations in
its  Commitment, or the obligations owing to or from  any  Person
existing  under this Agreement; provided, however,  that  (i)  as
between  such  Bank  and  the Borrower,  the  existence  of  such
participation  shall  not  give rise  to  any  direct  rights  or
obligations between the Borrower and the participants; (ii)  such
Bank  shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto
for  the performance of such obligations; (iii) the Borrower, the
Agent,  the Working Capital Agent (if applicable) and  the  other
Banks  shall continue to deal solely and directly with such  Bank
in  connection with such Bank's rights and obligations under this
Agreement;  and  (iv) no such sale or grant  of  a  participation
shall,  without the consent of the Borrower, require the Borrower
to file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange
Commission or apply to qualify the Commitments or the Loans under
the securities laws of any state.

      (c) If an assignment is made by any Bank in accordance with
the  provisions  of  paragraph (a)  above,  upon  acceptance  and
recording  by  the  Agent, and approval by  the  Borrower,  where
applicable, of each Notice of Assignment and Acceptance, (i)  the
assignee  thereunder shall become a party to this  Agreement  and
the  Borrower shall release and discharge the assigning Bank from
its  duties,  liabilities or obligations under this Agreement  to
the  extent the same are so assigned and delegated by such  Bank,
provided  that no such consent, release or discharge  shall  have
effect  until  the Borrower shall have received a fully  executed
copy  of the Notice of Assignment and Acceptance relating to such
assignment and (ii) Schedule II shall be deemed amended  to  give
effect  to  such assignment. The Borrower agrees that  each  such
disposition will give rise to a direct obligation of the Borrower
to  any  such  assignee.   The  Borrower  agrees  that,  promptly
following any such assignment, it shall deliver upon delivery  of
the  applicable outstanding Notes or Notes for cancellation a new
Note or Notes to the assignee and a replacement Note or Notes  to
the transferor, in amounts properly reflecting such assignment.

      (d)  The Borrower authorizes each Bank to disclose  to  any
prospective   assignee  or  participant  and  any   assignee   or
participant  any  and all financial information  in  such  Bank's
possession concerning the Borrower and this Agreement;  provided,
however,  that  prior  to any such disclosure,  the  assignee  or
participant  or proposed assignee or participant shall  agree  to
preserve  the  confidentiality  of any  confidential  information
relating  to  the  Borrower received by  it  from  such  Bank  in
accordance with Section 12.11.

      (e)  Any Bank which sells or grants participations  in  any
Loans  or  its  Commitment may not grant to the participants  the
right  to  vote  other  than  on amendments,  consents,  waivers,
modifications or other actions which change the principal  amount
of,  postpone the scheduled maturity of, or decrease the interest
rates applicable to, any Loans under, or increase the amount  of,
such  Commitment (except with respect to participating Affiliates
actually controlled by, controlling or under common control with,
such  Bank); provided, however, that as between the Bank and  the
Borrower, only the Bank shall be entitled to cast such votes.

     (f) No participant in any Bank's rights or obligations shall
be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 5.6, 5.8
or  5.9  than such Bank would have been entitled to receive  with
respect to the rights participated, and no participation shall be
sold or granted to any Person as to which the events specified in
Section 5.7 have occurred on or before the date of participation.

      (g)  (i)   The Agent shall maintain at its address referred
to  in  Section  12.2  a copy of each Notice  of  Assignment  and
Acceptance received by it and a register, containing the terms of
each Notice of Assignment and Acceptance, for the recordation  of
the  names and addresses of each Bank and the Commitment of,  and
principal  amount of the Loans owing to, each Bank from  time  to
time  (the  "Register"). The entries in  the  Register  shall  be
conclusive  and binding for all purposes, absent manifest  error,
and  the Borrower, the Banks, and the Agent may treat each Person
whose  name  is recorded in the Register as a Bank hereunder  for
all  purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be  available
for  inspection  by the Borrower, or any Bank, at any  reasonable
time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice.

          (ii)   The Working Capital Agent shall maintain at  its
address   referred  to  in  Section  12.2  a  register  for   the
recordation  of  the names and addresses of each Working  Capital
Bank  and  the Working Capital Loan Commitment of, and  principal
amount  of  the  Working  Capital Loans owing  to,  each  Working
Capital  Bank from time to time (the "Working Capital Register").
The  entries in the Working Capital Register shall be  conclusive
and  binding  for all purposes, absent manifest  error,  and  the
Borrower,  the  Working Capital Banks, and  the  Working  Capital
Agent may treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Working
Capital  Register  as a Working Capital Bank  hereunder  for  all
purposes of this Agreement. The Working Capital Register shall be
available for inspection by the Borrower, or any Working  Capital
Bank,  at  any  reasonable  time  and  from  time  to  time  upon
reasonable prior notice.

      12.8.     GOVERNING LAW; SEVERABILITY.  THIS AGREEMENT  AND
THE  RIGHTS  AND  OBLIGATIONS  OF THE  PARTIES  HERETO  SHALL  BE
GOVERNED  BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS  OF  THE
STATE  OF  NEW  YORK. WHEREVER POSSIBLE, EACH PROVISION  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT  SHALL BE INTERPRETED IN SUCH MANNER AS TO BE EFFECTIVE
AND  VALID  UNDER  APPLICABLE LAW, BUT IF ANY PROVISION  OF  THIS
AGREEMENT SHALL BE PROHIBITED BY OR INVALID UNDER APPLICABLE LAW,
SUCH  PROVISION  SHALL  BE INEFFECTIVE  TO  THE  EXTENT  OF  SUCH
PROHIBITION OR INVALIDITY, WITHOUT INVALIDATING THE REMAINDER  OF
SUCH PROVISION OR THE REMAINING PROVISIONS OF THIS AGREEMENT.

     12.9.     SUBMISSION TO JURISDICTION; WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.

      (a)  ANY  LEGAL ACTION OR PROCEEDING WITH RESPECT  TO  THIS
AGREEMENT  OR ANY DOCUMENT RELATED HERETO MAY BE BROUGHT  IN  THE
COURTS  OF  THE  STATE  OF NEW YORK OR OF THE  UNITED  STATES  OF
AMERICA  FOR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK, AND, BY EXECUTION
AND  DELIVERY OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH OF THE BORROWER, THE AGENT,
THE WORKING CAPITAL AGENT AND THE BANKS HEREBY ACCEPTS FOR ITSELF
AND  IN RESPECT OF ITS PROPERTIES, GENERALLY AND UNCONDITIONALLY,
THE  JURISDICTION  OF THE AFORESAID COURTS.  THE  PARTIES  HERETO
HEREBY   IRREVOCABLY  WAIVE  ANY  OBJECTION,  INCLUDING,  WITHOUT
LIMITATION, ANY OBJECTION TO THE LAYING OF VENUE OR BASED ON  THE
GROUNDS  OF  FORUM NON CONVENIENS, WHICH ANY OF THEM MAY  NOW  OR
HEREAFTER  HAVE TO THE BRINGING OF ANY SUCH ACTION OR  PROCEEDING
IN SUCH RESPECTIVE JURISDICTIONS.

      (b)  Each  of the Borrower, the Agent, the Working  Capital
Agent  and  the  Banks irrevocably consents  to  the  service  of
process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such action or
proceeding  by  the mailing of copies thereof  by  registered  or
certified  mail, postage prepaid, to the Borrower at its  address
specified  for notices in or pursuant to Section 12.2 hereof,  to
the  Agent at Watson, Farley & Williams, 380 Madison Avenue,  New
York,  NY   10017;  to the Working Capital Agent  at  750  Walnut
Avenue, Cranford, New Jersey 07016; and to the Banks as set forth
on  Schedule  I, such service to become effective 30  days  after
such mailing.

      (c) Nothing contained in this Section 12.9 shall affect the
right  of  the Agent, the Working Capital Agent or  any  Bank  to
serve  process in any other manner permitted by law  or  commence
legal  proceedings or otherwise proceed against the  Borrower  or
any other Loan Party in any other jurisdiction.

      (d) Each of the parties hereto waives any right it may have
to trial by jury in any proceeding arising out of this Agreement.

      12.10.  Confidentiality.  Each Bank,  the  Working  Capital
Agent  and  the  Agent  agrees to keep  confidential  information
obtained  by it pursuant hereto (or otherwise obtained  from  the
Borrower  in  connection  with this  Agreement)  confidential  in
accordance with such Person's customary practices and agrees that
it  will  only  use  such  information  in  connection  with  the
transactions contemplated by this Agreement and not disclose  any
of  such  information other than (i) to such Person's  employees,
counsel, representatives and agents who are or are expected to be
involved in the evaluation of such information in connection with
the  transactions contemplated by this Agreement and who in  each
case  agree to be bound by the provisions of this sentence,  (ii)
to  the extent that disclosure by such Person is required, or  to
the  extent  that  such Person has been advised by  counsel  that
disclosure  is  required,  in  order  to  comply  with  any  law,
regulation  or  judicial order or requested or required  by  bank
regulators or auditors or other Governmental Authority, (iii)  to
assignees  or  participants  of  the  Loans  or  Commitments   or
potential  assignees or participants of the Loans or  Commitments
who  in  each case agree in writing to be bound by the provisions
of  this sentence or (iv) to the extent that such information has
otherwise  been  disclosed  or made public  other  than  by  such
Person,  or such Person's employees, counsel, representatives  or
agents, in violation of this Section 12.10.

      12.11. Section Titles. The Section titles contained in this
Agreement are and shall be without substantive meaning or content
of  any  kind  whatsoever and are not a  part  of  the  agreement
between the parties hereto.

      12.12.  Execution in Counterparts.  This Agreement  may  be
executed  in any number of counterparts and by different  Parties
hereto  in separate counterparts, each of which when so  executed
shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together
shall constitute one and the same agreement.

      IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the parties hereto have  caused  this
Credit  Agreement to be duly executed as of the date first  above
written.

                                        ALPHARMA  U.S.  INC.,  as
                        Borrower



                                                               By
                        ________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                         UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Agent



                                                               By
                        ________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                         UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Arranger



                                                               By
                        _________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:

                         UNION BANK OF NORWAY, as Bank



                                                               By
                        _________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK



                                                               By
                        ___________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         DEN NORSKE BANK ASA, as Co-Arranger



                                                               By
                        __________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         DEN NORSKE BANK ASA, as Bank



                                                               By
                        __________________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS OSLO BRANCH

                                       By ______________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         LANDESBANK SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN
                         GIROZENTRALE COPENHAGEN BRANCH


                                       By ______________________
                                             Name:     Nils    E.
                        Emilsson
                                           Title:  Deputy General
                        Manager


                         SUMMIT BANK, as Bank


                                       By ______________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         SUMMIT BANK, as Working Capital Agent



                                       By ______________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:


                         SUMMIT BANK, as Documentation Agent



                                       By ______________________
                                          Name:
                                          Title:



Agreement Date:  January 20, 1999
                                                          ANNEX A



                          PRICING GRID

      A.   The Applicable Margin shall be determined quarterly by
reference  to the Margin Ratio (as determined for the  period  of
four  consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Parent Guarantor  ending
at  the  end of the period covered by the most recently delivered
financial  statements of the Parent Guarantor delivered  pursuant
to  Section 6(g) of the Parent Guaranty, subject to paragraph (B)
below)  and  certain  other conditions all as  set  forth  below;
provided,  however, that in no event shall the Applicable  Margin
be  less  than  1.50% during the period from the  Agreement  Date
through  the  Adjustment  Date  (as  defined  below)  immediately
succeeding June 30, 1999; and provided, further, that if  at  any
time  the Parent Guarantor, in order to comply with Section  8(a)
of  the  Parent Guaranty, relies on proviso (A) or  (B)  of  such
Section  8(a), then the Applicable Margin as determined hereunder
shall be increased by (a) .125% per annum, in the case of proviso
(A),  or (b) .75% per annum, in the case of proviso (B),  and  in
each case such increase shall remain effective until such time as
the  Parent Guarantor no longer relies on proviso (A) or  (B)  to
comply with Section 8(a) of the Parent Guaranty:

                                   Applicable Margin
    Margin Ratio        Eurodollar Loans    Alternate Base Rate
                                           Working Capital Loans
 less than 2.5 and           .875%                 -0.75%
the Equity Ratio at
  such time is at
   least 0.35:1*
   less than 3.5             1.125%                -0.5%
 3.5 or greater but          1.375%                -0.25%
   less than 4.25
4.25 or greater but          1.50%                   0%
   less than 5.25
  5.25 or greater            1.625%                 .25%
*  This pricing not effective until the Adjustment Date following
April 1, 2001.

     B.   Changes in the Applicable Margin resulting from changes
in  the  Margin  Ratio shall become effective on  the  date  (the
"Adjustment Date") that is five (5) Business Days after the  date
on which financial statements are delivered to the Agent pursuant
to  Sections 6(g) (i) and (ii) of the Parent Guaranty (but in any
event  (x) not later than the 50th day after the end of  each  of
the  first three Fiscal Quarters and (y) not later than the  95th
day after the end of each Fiscal Year (but not earlier than March
31))  and  shall  remain in effect until the next  change  to  be
effected pursuant to this paragraph.  If any financial statements
referred  to  above  are not delivered within  the  time  periods
specified  above,  then,  until  such  financial  statements  are
delivered,  the Margin Ratio as at the end of the  fiscal  period
that  would  have been covered thereby shall for the purposes  of
this Pricing Grid be deemed to be 5.25 or greater.

      C.    For  the  avoidance  of doubt,  to  the  extent  that
financial information for periods prior to the Agreement Date  is
necessary in order to determine the Margin Ratio in effect on the
Initial Funding Date and thereafter, the Agent shall refer to the
financial  statements  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  most  recently
delivered pursuant to the Prior UBN Facility.




                                                       Schedule I


FIRST UNION NATIONAL BANK     Lending Office:

                          First Union National Bank
                          1345 Chestnut Street
                          P.O. Box 7618
                          F.C. 1-8-3-18
                          Philadelphia, PA 19101
                          Attn:  Foreign Corporate Department
                                 Stephen E. Stambaugh, V.P.
                          Telephone:    215-973-3791
                          Telecopier:   215-973-6894


                          Address for Notice Purposes:

                          1345 Chestnut Street
                          P.O. Box 7618
                          F.C. 1-8-3-18
                          Philadelphia, PA 19101
                             Attn:     International    Corporate
Department
                                 Stephen E. Stambaugh, V.P.
                          Telephone:    215-973-3791
                          Telecopier:   215-973-6894

                          Address for Service of Process:

                          First Union National Bank
                          Legal Department
                          F. C. 1-1-17-1
                          Broad & Chestnut Streets
                          P.O. Box 7618
                          Philadelphia, PA 19101


DEN NORSKE BANK ASA       Lending Office:

                          Stranden 21
                          0107 Oslo
                          Norway
                          Attn:  Credit Administration
                          Telecopier:  +47-22-48-10-46

                          Address for Notice Purposes:

                          Stranden 21
                          0107 Oslo
                          Norway
                          Attn:  Credit Administration
                          Telecopier:  +47-22-48-10-46

                          Address for Service of Process:

                          Den norske Bank ASA, New York Branch
                          200 Park Avenue
                          New York, NY 10166-0396


SUMMIT BANK               Lending Office:

                          Summit Bank
                          750 Walnut Avenue
                          Cranford, NJ  07016
                          Attn: Syndications/Loan Operations
                          Telephone: (908) 709-5458
                          Telecopier: (908) 931-0399

                          Address for Notice Purposes:

                          Summit Bank
                          750 Walnut Avenue
                          Cranford, NJ 07016
                          Attn: Wayne Trotman, Sr. Vice President
                          Telephone: 908-709-5339
                          Telecopier: 908-709-6433

                          Address for Service of Process:

                          Summit Bank
                          Deposit Services - Elizabeth
                          288 North Broad Street
                          Elizabeth, NJ 07207


UNION BANK OF NORWAY          Lending Office:

                          Union Bank of Norway
                          Kirkegaten 18
                          P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
                          0107 Oslo
                          Norway
                          Attn:  Loan Administration
                          Telephone:  011-47-22-31-90-50
                          Telecopier: 011-47-22-31-85-58


                          Address for Notice Purposes:

                          Union Bank of Norway
                          Kirkegaten 18
                          P.O. Box 1172 Sentrum
                          0107 Oslo
                          Norway
                          Attn:   Loan Administration
                          Telephone:     +011-47-22-31-90-50
                          Telecopier:    +011-47-22-31-85-58


                          Address for Service of Process:

                          Watson, Farley & Williams
                          380 Madison Avenue, 19th Floor
                          New York, NY 10017
                          Attn:  John S. Osborne, Jr.


LANDESBANK SCHLESWIG-HOLSTEIN
GIROZENTRALE COPENHAGEN
BRANCH                        Lending Office:

                          LB Kiel, Copenhagen Branch
                          Holmeus Kanal 7
                          Postbox 1600
                          1020 Copenhagen
                          Denmark
                          Attn.:  Loan Administrator
                          Telephone:  +45 33 95 01 00
                          Telecopier:  +45 33 95 01 95


                          Address for Notice Purporses:

                          LB Kiel, Copenhagen Branch
                          Holmeus Kanal 7
                          Postbox 1600
                          1020 Copenhagen
                          Denmark
                          Attn.:  Loan Administrator
                          Telephone:  +45 33 95 01 00
                          Telecopier:  +45 33 95 01 95

                          Address for Service of Process:

                          LB Kiel, Copenhagen Branch
                          Holmeus Kanal 7
                          Postbox 1600
                          1020 Copenhagen
                          Denmark
                          Attn.:  Loan Administrator
                          Telephone:  +45 33 95 01 00
                          Telecopier:  +45 33 95 01 95

BANQUE NATIONALE DE PARIS
OSLO BRANCH               Lending Office:

                          Banque Nationale de Paris Oslo Branch
                          Biskop Gunnerus' gt. 2
                          Postboks 106 Sentrum
                          0102 OSLO
                          Norway
                             Attn:    Irene   Stoback   Johansen,
Corporate & International
                           Telephone:   +47 22 82 95 00,  (direct
line: +47 22 82 96 21)
                          Telecopies:  +47 22 41 08 44
                          Email:  irene.johansen@bnpgroup.com

                          Address for Notice Purposes:

                          Banque Nationale de Paris Oslo Branch
                          Biskop Gunnerus' gt. 2
                          Postboks 106 Sentrum
                          0102 OSLO
                          Norway
                             Attn:     Ivar    Stautland,    Loan
Administration
                           Telephone:   +47 22 82 95 00,  (direct
line: 47 22 82 95 61)

                          Address for Service of Process:

                           Banque  Nationale de  Paris  New  York
Branch
                          499 Park Avenue
                          P.O. Box 127 Church Street Station
                          New York, NY 10008
                                                      Schedule II

                          Commitments

The  Banks  listed below will participate in the Credit Agreement
in the following manner:

                                                     
                    Term Loan     Revolving          
                   Commitment      Credit          Sum
      Bank                       Commitment
Union Bank of       30,000,000     60,000,000    90,000,000
Norway
Den norske Bank     28,000,000     57,000,000    85,000,000
ASA
Summit Bank         18,000,000     37,000,000    55,000,000
First  Union         8,000,000     17,000,000    25,000,000
National Bank
Banque Nationale     7,000,000     13,000,000    20,000,000
de Paris Oslo
Branch
Landesbank Kiel      8,000,000     17,000,000    25,000,000
                                                           
Sum                100,000,000    200,000,000   300,000,000


             Portion of Revolving Credit Commitment
          Available as Working Capital Loan Commitment


                                 Working Capital Loan Commitment
                                 
First Union National Bank, N.A.             15,000,000
                                                 
Summit Bank                                 15,000,000
                                            30,000,000


                                              Schedule 7.2(a)(iv)



                Required Consents and Approvals


                              None

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-21
<SEQUENCE>3
<TEXT>

                          Alpharma Inc.
                                
                 Subsidiaries of the Registrant
                                
                                                       EXHIBIT 21
                                                                 

NAME                               JURISDICTION WHICH
                                        ORGANIZED

United States:

A.L. Specialty Chemicals, Inc.          Delaware
Alpharma NW Inc.                        Washington
Alpharma U.S. Inc.                      Delaware
Barre Parent Corporation                Delaware
Alpharma USPD Inc.                      Maryland
G. F. Reilly Company                    Delaware
ParMed Pharmaceuticals, Inc.            Delaware
NMC Laboratories, Inc.                  New York
Odin Pharmaceuticals Inc.               New Jersey
Wade Jones Company, Inc.                Texas
MikJan Corporation                      Arkansas
Alpharma U.K. Holding Inc.              Delaware

Foreign:

A.L-Pharma A/S                          Denmark
Alpharma AS                             Norway
Allabinc de Mexico, S.A. de C.V.        Mexico
Empressa Laboratories De
   Mexico S.A. de C.V.                  Mexico
Dumex-Alpharma A/S                      Denmark
Dumex AG                                Switzerland
Dumex B.V.                              Holland
Dumex-Alpharma AB                       Sweden
Dumex Limited                           United Kingdom
Oy Dumex-Alpharma AB                    Finland
PT Dumex-Alpharma Indonesia             Indonesia
Alpharma do Brazil LTDA                 Brazil
Alpharma SARL                           France
Arthur H. Cox & Co. Limited             United Kingdom
Alpharma Holdings Ltd.                  United Kingdom
Alpharma U.K. Ltd.                      United Kingdom
Cox Investments Ltd.                    United Kingdom
Alpharma Fine Chemicals, Kft.           Hungary


</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-23
<SEQUENCE>4
<TEXT>

                                                       Exhibit 23
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                                                 
                                
               CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT ACCOUNTANTS
                                
                                

We  hereby  consent  to the incorporation  by  reference  in  the
Registration Statement of Alpharma Inc. on Form S-8 (File No. 33-
60495)  and Form S-3 (File Nos. 333-57501 and 333-70229)  of  our
report dated February 24, 1999, on our audits of the consolidated
financial  statements  of Alpharma Inc. and  Subsidiaries  as  of
December  31, 1998 and 1997, and for each of the three  years  in
the  period ended December 31, 1998, which report is included  in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K.







PRICEWATERHOUSECOOPERS LLP
Florham Park, New Jersey
March 25, 1999

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-27
<SEQUENCE>5
<TEXT>

<TABLE> <S> <C>

<ARTICLE> 5
<MULTIPLIER> 1000
       
<S>                             <C>
<PERIOD-TYPE>                   12-MOS
<FISCAL-YEAR-END>                          DEC-31-1998
<PERIOD-END>                               DEC-31-1998
<CASH>                                          14,414
<SECURITIES>                                         0
<RECEIVABLES>                                  169,744
<ALLOWANCES>                                         0
<INVENTORY>                                    138,318
<CURRENT-ASSETS>                               335,484
<PP&E>                                         411,147
<DEPRECIATION>                               (167,015)
<TOTAL-ASSETS>                                 908,936
<CURRENT-LIABILITIES>                          170,437
<BONDS>                                        192,850
<PREFERRED-MANDATORY>                                0
<PREFERRED>                                          0
<COMMON>                                         5,451
<OTHER-SE>                                     261,828
<TOTAL-LIABILITY-AND-EQUITY>                   908,936
<SALES>                                        604,584
<TOTAL-REVENUES>                               604,584
<CGS>                                          351,324
<TOTAL-COSTS>                                  351,324
<OTHER-EXPENSES>                               188,264
<LOSS-PROVISION>                                     0
<INTEREST-EXPENSE>                              25,613
<INCOME-PRETAX>                                 38,983
<INCOME-TAX>                                    14,772
<INCOME-CONTINUING>                             24,211
<DISCONTINUED>                                       0
<EXTRAORDINARY>                                      0
<CHANGES>                                            0
<NET-INCOME>                                    24,211
<EPS-PRIMARY>                                     0.95
<EPS-DILUTED>                                     0.92
        

</TABLE>
</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
<DOCUMENT>
<TYPE>EX-10
<SEQUENCE>6
<TEXT>









                        PARENT GUARANTY


      GUARANTY,  dated as of January 20, 1999, made  by  Alpharma
Inc.,  a  Delaware corporation (together with its successors  and
assigns,  the  "Parent Guarantor"), in favor of  the  banks  (the
"Banks")  parties from time to time to the Credit  Agreement  (as
defined  below),  Union Bank of Norway as  agent  (the  "Agent"),
Summit Bank, as working capital agent, documentation agent and co-
syndication  agent,  Union  Bank  of  Norway,  as  arranger  (the
"Arranger"),  and Den norske Bank ASA, as co-arranger  (the  "Co-
Arranger",  and  collectively with  the  Banks,  the  Agent,  the
Documentation Agent and the Arranger, the "Guaranteed Parties").

                      W I T N E S S E T H:

     WHEREAS, the Guaranteed Parties have entered into the Credit
Agreement dated as of January 20, 1999 (said agreement, as it may
hereafter  be  amended, supplemented or otherwise  modified  from
time  to  time, being the "Credit Agreement") with Alpharma  U.S.
Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of  the
State of Delaware (the "Borrower");

      WHEREAS, it is a condition precedent to the Initial Funding
Date  under the Credit Agreement that the Parent Guarantor  shall
have executed and delivered this a Guaranty;

      NOW,  THEREFORE, in consideration of the  premises  and  in
order  to  induce  the Banks to make the loans under  the  Credit
Agreement,  the Parent Guarantor hereby agrees as  follows  (with
terms used herein and not otherwise defined used with the meaning
ascribed thereto in the Credit Agreement):

       SECTION   1.   Guaranty.   The  Parent  Guarantor   hereby
unconditionally  and irrevocably guarantees the punctual  payment
when  due,  whether  at  stated  maturity,  by  acceleration   or
otherwise,  of all obligations of the Borrower now  or  hereafter
existing  under  (a) the Loan Documents and (b)  Swap  Agreements
entered  into  with a Bank, in either case whether  for  borrowed
money,  reimbursement on account of letters of credit,  interest,
fees  or  any  other  amounts due thereunder  or  otherwise  (the
"Guaranteed  Obligations") and any and  all  expenses  (including
counsel  fees and expenses) reasonably incurred by any Guaranteed
Party in enforcing any rights under this Guaranty.

       SECTION  2.   Guaranty  Absolute.   The  Parent  Guarantor
guarantees  that  the  obligations  will  be  paid  strictly   in
accordance  with the terms of the Loan Documents,  regardless  of
any  law, regulation or order now or hereafter in effect  in  any
jurisdiction  affecting any of such terms or the  rights  of  any
Guaranteed  Party  with respect thereto.  The  liability  of  the
Parent  Guarantor  under  this Guaranty  shall  be  absolute  and
unconditional irrespective of:

      (a)   any  lack of validity or enforceability of  the  Loan
Documents  (including this Guaranty) or any  other  agreement  or
instrument relating thereto;

      (b)  any change in the time, manner or place of payment of,
or   in  any  other  term  of,  all  or  any  of  the  Guaranteed
Obligations, or any other amendment or waiver of or  any  consent
to departure from the Loan Documents;

       (c)   any  exchange,  release  or  nonperfection  of   any
collateral, or any release or amendment or waiver of  or  consent
to  departure  from any other guaranty, for all  or  any  of  the
Guaranteed Obligations; or

     (d)  any other circumstance which might otherwise constitute
a  defense  available to, or a discharge of, the Borrower,  or  a
guarantor.

      SECTION 3.  Waiver.  The Parent Guarantor hereby waives all
notices  with  respect to any of the Guaranteed  Obligations  and
this  Guaranty  and  any requirement that  any  Guaranteed  Party
protect, secure, perfect or insure any security interests or lien
on  any property subject thereto or exhaust any right or take any
action against the Borrower, or any other person or entity or any
collateral.

     SECTION 4.  Subrogation.  (a) The Parent Guarantor shall not
exercise  any  rights  which  it may  have  acquired  by  way  of
subrogation under this Guaranty, by any payment made hereunder or
otherwise  nor  shall the Parent Guarantor seek any reimbursement
from  the  Borrower  in respect of payments made  by  the  Parent
Guarantor  hereunder,  unless and until  all  of  the  Guaranteed
Obligations shall have been paid and discharged, in full, and  if
any  payment shall be made to the Parent Guarantor on account  of
such  subrogation or reimbursement rights at any  time  when  the
Guaranteed  Obligations shall not have been paid and  discharged,
in full, each and every amount so paid shall forthwith be paid to
the  Agent  to  be  credited and applied against  the  Guaranteed
Obligations, whether matured or unmatured.

      (b)   If, pursuant to Applicable Law, the Parent Guarantor,
by  payment or otherwise, becomes subrogated to all or any of the
rights of the Guaranteed Parties under any of the Loan Documents,
the  rights  of  the  Guaranteed  Parties  to  which  the  Parent
Guarantor  shall be subrogated shall be accepted  by  the  Parent
Guarantor  "as is" and without any representation or warranty  of
any  kind  by  the Guaranteed Parties, express or  implied,  with
respect to the legality, value, validity or enforceability of any
of   such   rights,   or  the  existence,  availability,   value,
merchantability  or  fitness for any particular  purpose  of  any
collateral  and  shall  be  without recourse  to  the  Guaranteed
Parties.

      SECTION  5.   Representations and Warranties.   The  Parent
Guarantor hereby represents and warrants as follows:

       (a)   Incorporation  and  Good  Standing.   It  is  (i)  a
corporation  duly  incorporated, validly  existing  and  in  good
standing  under the laws of the State of Delaware; and (ii)  duly
qualified and in good standing as a foreign corporation under the
laws  of  each  other jurisdiction in which  the  failure  so  to
qualify would have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (b)   Corporate  Power and Authorization.   The  execution,
delivery and performance by the Parent Guarantor of this Guaranty
are  within  the Parent Guarantor's corporate powers,  have  been
duly  authorized  by  all  necessary  corporate  action,  do  not
contravene the Parent Guarantor's charter or by-laws, any law  or
any  contractual restriction binding on or affecting and material
to  the  Parent  Guarantor, and do not result in or  require  the
creation  of  any  Lien  upon  or with  respect  to  any  of  its
properties.

      (c)   Authorization.  No authorization, consent or approval
or  other  action  by,  and no notice  to  or  filing  with,  any
Governmental Authority or regulatory body is required for the due
execution,  delivery and performance by the Parent  Guarantor  of
this  Guaranty,  other  than  (i)  consents,  authorizations  and
approvals  that have been obtained, are final and not subject  to
review  on appeal or to collateral attack, and are in full  force
and effect and, in the case of any such required under Applicable
Law  as  in effect on the Agreement Date, are listed on  Schedule
7.2(a)(iv)  of  the  Credit Agreement, (ii) notices,  filings  or
registrations  that have been given or effected,  and  (iii)  the
filing  of  copies  of  Loan Documents with  the  Securities  and
Exchange Commission as exhibits to its public filings.

      (d)   Valid Guaranty.  This Guaranty is a legal, valid  and
binding  obligation of the Parent Guarantor, enforceable  against
the  Parent Guarantor in accordance with its terms, except  where
such  enforcement  may  be  limited  by  bankruptcy,  insolvency,
reorganization,  moratorium  or  similar  laws  relating  to   or
limiting  creditor's  rights generally  or  equitable  principles
relating to enforceability.

      (e)   Litigation.  There is no pending or threatened action
or  proceeding affecting the Parent Guarantor or its Subsidiaries
before  any court, governmental agency or arbitrator,  in  which,
individually   or  in  the  aggregate,  there  is  a   reasonable
probability  of an adverse decision which could have  a  Material
Adverse Effect or result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

      (f)  Taxes.  All federal, and all material state, local and
foreign tax returns, reports and statements required to be  filed
by  the  Parent  Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries  have  been
filed   with  the  appropriate  governmental  agencies   in   all
jurisdictions  in which such returns, reports and statements  are
required  to  be  filed.  All consolidated, combined  or  unitary
returns  which  include  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  have  been filed with the appropriate  governmental
agencies in all jurisdictions in which such returns, reports  and
statements are required to be filed except where such  filing  is
being  contested  or  may be contested.   All  federal,  and  all
material  state,  local  and foreign  taxes,  charges  and  other
impositions  of  the  Parent Guarantor, its Subsidiaries  or  any
consolidated, combined or unitary group which includes the Parent
Guarantor  or any of its Subsidiaries which are due  and  payable
have  been  timely  paid prior to the date  on  which  any  fine,
penalty,  interest, late charge or loss may be added thereto  for
non-payment thereof except where contested in good faith  and  by
appropriate proceedings if adequate reserves therefor  have  been
established  on  the  books  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  such
Subsidiary in accordance with GAAP.  Proper and accurate  amounts
have  been  withheld by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor  and
each of its Subsidiaries from their respective employees for  all
periods  in  full  and complete compliance with the  tax,  social
security  and  unemployment withholding provisions of  applicable
federal, state, local and foreign law and such withholdings  have
been timely paid to the respective governmental agencies, in  all
material respects.  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any  of  its
Tax  Affiliates  has  agreed or has been requested  to  make  any
adjustment under Section 481(a) of the Code by reason of a change
in accounting method or otherwise relating to the Borrower or any
of  its  Subsidiaries  which will affect a taxable  year  of  the
Parent  Guarantor  or a Tax Affiliate ending after  December  31,
1993,  which  has not been reflected in the financial  statements
delivered  pursuant  to  Section 6(g)  and  which  would  have  a
Material  Adverse Effect.  The Parent Guarantor has no obligation
to  any Person other than the Borrower and the Parent Guarantor's
Subsidiaries under any tax sharing agreement or other tax sharing
arrangement.

      (g)   Financial Information.  (i) The reports of the Parent
Guarantor  on  Form 10-K for the Fiscal Year ended  December  31,
1997  and  on Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarters ended  March  31,
1998,  June  30,  1998  and September 30, 1998  which  have  been
furnished  to the Agent and each Bank, are respectively  complete
and correct in all material respects as of such respective dates,
and  the  financial  statements therein  have  been  prepared  in
accordance  with GAAP and fairly present the financial  condition
and  results  of  operations  of the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
consolidated  Subsidiaries as of such respective dates  (subject,
in  the  case of such reports on Form 10-Q, to changes  resulting
from normal year-end adjustments).

           (ii)    Since  December 31, 1997  there  has  been  no
     Material Adverse Change or Material Credit Agreement Change.

           (iii)   None of the Parent Guarantor or any Subsidiary
     of  the  Parent  Guarantor had at  September  30,  1998  any
     obligation, contingent liability, or liability for taxes  or
     long-term  leases material to the Parent Guarantor  and  its
     Subsidiaries taken as a whole which is not reflected in  the
     balance sheets referred to in subsection (i) above or in the
     notes thereto.

     (h)  ERISA.

           (i)    No liability under Sections 4062, 4063, 4064 or
     4069  of  ERISA  has  been  or is  expected  by  the  Parent
     Guarantor  to  be  incurred by the Parent Guarantor  or  any
     ERISA  Affiliate  with  respect  to  any  Plan  which  is  a
     Single-Employer Plan in an amount that could  reasonably  be
     expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

           (ii)   No Plan which is a Single-Employer Plan had  an
     accumulated funding deficiency, whether or not waived, as of
     the  last  day of the most recent fiscal year of  such  Plan
     ended   prior  to  the  date  hereof.   Neither  the  Parent
     Guarantor  nor any ERISA Affiliate is (A) required  to  give
     security  to  any  Plan  which  is  a  Single-Employer  Plan
     pursuant to Section 401(a)(29) of the Code or Section 307 of
     ERISA,  or  (B) subject to a Lien in favor of  such  a  Plan
     under Section 302(f) of ERISA.

           (iii)  Each Plan of the Parent Guarantor, each of  its
     Subsidiaries  and  each  of  its  ERISA  Affiliates  is   in
     compliance  in  all  material respects with  the  applicable
     provisions  of ERISA and the Code, except where the  failure
     to comply would not result in any Material Adverse Effect.

           (iv)    Neither the Parent Guarantor nor  any  of  its
     Subsidiaries has incurred a tax liability under Section 4975
     of  the  Code or a penalty under Section 502(i) of ERISA  in
     respect of any Plan which has not been paid in full,  except
     where the incurrence of such tax or penalty would not result
     in a Material Adverse Effect.

           (v)     None  of  the  Parent Guarantor,  any  of  its
     Subsidiaries  or  any  ERISA  Affiliate  has   incurred   or
     reasonably  expects to incur any Withdrawal Liability  under
     Section  4201 of ERISA as a result of a complete or  partial
     withdrawal  from a Multiemployer Plan which will  result  in
     Withdrawal  Liability to the Parent Guarantor,  any  of  its
     Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate in an amount that  could
     reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (i)  No Defaults.  Neither the Parent Guarantor nor any  of
its Subsidiaries is in breach of or default under or with respect
to  any instrument, document or agreement binding upon the Parent
Guarantor   or  such  Subsidiary  which  breach  or  default   is
reasonably probable to have a Material Adverse Effect  or  result
in the creation of a Lien on any Property of the Parent Guarantor
or its Subsidiaries.

      (j)   Disclosure.  All written information relating to  the
Parent  Guarantor  and  any of its Subsidiaries  which  has  been
delivered by or on behalf of the Parent Guarantor or the Borrower
to  the  Agent or the Banks in connection with the Loan Documents
and all financial and other information furnished to the Agent is
true  and  correct  in  all  material respects  and  contains  no
misstatement  of  a  fact of a material  nature.   Any  financial
projections  and  other information regarding anticipated  future
plans or developments contained therein was based upon the Parent
Guarantor's best good faith estimates and assumptions at the time
they were prepared.

      (k)  Subsidiaries.  (i) Schedule 5(k) hereto sets forth all
of the Subsidiaries, their jurisdictions of incorporation and the
percentages  of the various classes of their capital stock  owned
by  the  Parent  Guarantor or another Subsidiary  of  the  Parent
Guarantor,  (ii) the Parent Guarantor or another  Subsidiary,  as
the  case  may  be, has the unrestricted right to  vote,  and  to
receive  dividends and dividends on, all capital stock  indicated
on  such  Schedule  as  owned by the  Parent  Guarantor  or  such
Subsidiary (subject to limitations imposed by Applicable  Law  or
the  Loan  Documents) and (iii) such capital stock has been  duly
authorized and issued and is fully paid and nonassessable.

      (l)   Principal  Subsidiaries.  Schedule 5(l)  hereto  sets
forth  all of the Principal Subsidiaries in existence as  of  the
Agreement Date.

      (m)   Insurance.  All policies of insurance of any kind  or
nature  owned  by  the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  are
maintained   with  reputable  insurers  which   to   the   Parent
Guarantor's  best  knowledge are financially  sound.  The  Parent
Guarantor  currently  maintains insurance  with  respect  to  its
Properties  and business and causes its Subsidiaries to  maintain
insurance  with  respect  to  their  respective  Properties   and
business against loss or damage of the kinds customarily  insured
against  by corporations engaged in the same or similar  business
and  similarly situated, of such types and in such amounts as are
customarily  carried under similar circumstances  by  such  other
corporations including, without limitation, worker's compensation
insurance.

      (n)   Environmental  Protection.  (i) There  are  no  known
conditions  or  circumstances  known  to  the  Parent   Guarantor
associated  with  the  currently or previously  owned  or  leased
properties  or  operations  of  the  Parent  Guarantor   or   its
Subsidiaries  or tenants which may give rise to any Environmental
Liabilities and Costs which would have a Material Adverse Effect;
and

          (ii) No Environmental Lien has attached to any Property
of  the  Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries which  would
have a Material Adverse Effect.

      (o)  Regulatory Matters.  Except as disclosed in the Parent
Guarantor's  Form  10-K for the fiscal year ending  December  31,
1997  or  its  Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter  ending
September 30, 1998, the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries are
to  the  best  of their knowledge in compliance with  all  rules,
regulations  and  other  requirements  of  the  Food   and   Drug
Administration  ("FDA")  and  other  regulatory  authorities   of
jurisdictions  in  which  the Parent  Guarantor  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries  do  business  or operate manufacturing  facilities,
including without limitation those relating to compliance by  the
Parent   Guarantor's  or  any  such  Subsidiary's   manufacturing
facilities   with  "Current  Good  Manufacturing  Practices"   as
interpreted   by  the  FDA,  except  to  the  extent   any   such
noncompliance  would not have a Material Adverse Effect.   Except
as  so  disclosed, neither the FDA nor any other such  regulatory
authority has requested (or, to the Parent Guarantor's knowledge,
are   considering  requesting)  any  product  recalls  or   other
enforcement actions that (a) if not complied with would result in
a Material Adverse Effect and (b) with which the Borrower has not
complied within the time period allowed.

      (p)  Title and Liens. Each of the Parent Guarantor and  its
Subsidiaries has good and marketable title to its real properties
and  owns  or leases all its other material Properties,  in  each
case,  as  shown on its most recent quarterly balance sheet,  and
none  of  such  Properties is subject  to  any  Lien  except  for
Permitted Liens.

      (q)  Compliance with Law.  Each of the Parent Guarantor and
its  Subsidiaries  is  in  compliance with  all  Applicable  Law,
including,  without  limitation, all Environmental  Laws,  except
where  any failure to comply with any such laws would not,  alone
or  in  the  aggregate,  have a Material Adverse  Effect  on  the
business or financial condition of the Parent Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries taken as a whole, or the Parent Guarantor's  ability
to perform its obligations under the Loan Documents.

      (r)  Trademarks, Copyrights, Etc.  The Parent Guarantor and
each  of  its  Subsidiaries own or have the rights  to  use  such
trademarks,  service marks, trade names, copyrights, licenses  or
rights  in any thereof, as in the aggregate are adequate  in  the
reasonable  judgment of the Parent Guarantor for the  conduct  of
the  business of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as now
conducted.

      (s)   Year  2000  Issue.   The  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries  have reviewed, and are continuing  to  review,  the
effect  of the Year 2000 Issue on the computer software, hardware
and firmware systems and equipment containing embedded microchips
owned  or  operated  by  or  for the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries  or  used  or relied upon in the  conduct  of  their
business  (including systems and equipment supplied by others  or
with which such computer systems of the Parent Guarantor and  its
Subsidiaries interface).  The information contained in the Parent
Guarantor's Form 10-Q for the Fiscal Quarter ended September  30,
1998 as to the costs to the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries
of  any reprogramming required as a result of the Year 2000 Issue
to  permit  the proper functioning of such systems and  equipment
and  the  proper  processing of data, and  the  testing  of  such
reprogramming, and of the reasonably foreseeable consequences  of
the  Year  2000  Issue  to the Parent Guarantor  or  any  of  its
Subsidiaries (including reprogramming errors and the  failure  of
systems  or equipment supplied by others) is complete and correct
in  all  material respect as of such date and such costs are  not
reasonably expected to result in a Default or Event of Default or
to  have  a  material  adverse effect on  the  business,  assets,
operations,  prospects or condition (financial or  otherwise)  of
the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries.

      (t)  Pari Passu Obligations.  The obligations of the Parent
Guarantor  under  this Guaranty do rank at least  pari  passu  in
priority of payment with all other present unsecured Indebtedness
of the Parent Guarantor.

      (u)  Corporate Headquarters.  The Parent Guarantor and  the
Borrower  maintain dual corporate headquarters: in  Oslo,  Norway
through Alpharma A.S. and in northern New Jersey (currently  Fort
Lee), U.S.A. through the Parent Guarantor.

      SECTION 6.  Affirmative Covenants.  As long as any  of  the
Guaranteed Obligations or any other amounts shall remain  unpaid,
or any Bank shall have any Commitment under the Credit Agreement,
unless  otherwise agreed by the written consent of  the  Majority
Banks:

      (a)  Compliance with Laws, Etc.  The Parent Guarantor shall
comply,  and  cause each of its Subsidiaries to  comply,  in  all
material   respects   with  all  Applicable   Law   except   such
non-compliance  as  would not have a Material Adverse  Effect  or
result in a Material Credit Agreement Change.

      (b)   Payment of Taxes, Etc.  The Parent Guarantor and  any
consolidated, combined or unitary group which includes the Parent
Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries shall pay and discharge, and
cause  each  Subsidiary  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  to  pay  and
discharge,  before the same shall become delinquent,  all  lawful
claims,  Taxes,  assessments and governmental charges  or  levies
except where contested in good faith, by proper proceedings,  and
where  adequate  reserves therefor have been established  on  the
books  of  the Parent Guarantor or such Subsidiary in  accordance
with GAAP.

      (c)   Maintenance of Insurance.  The Parent Guarantor shall
maintain,  and  cause  each  of  its  Subsidiaries  to  maintain,
insurance  with responsible and reputable insurance companies  or
associations  in  such  amounts and covering  such  risks  as  is
usually  carried by companies engaged in similar  businesses  and
owning similar properties in the same general areas in which  the
Parent   Guarantor  or  such  Subsidiary  operates.   The  Parent
Guarantor  will  furnish  to the Agent from  time  to  time  such
information as may be requested as to such insurance.

      (d)   Preservation of Corporate Existence, Etc.  The Parent
Guarantor  shall  preserve and maintain, and cause  each  of  its
Subsidiaries to preserve and maintain, their respective corporate
existences; provided, that this Section 6(d) shall not  apply  at
any  time with respect to the corporate existence of a Subsidiary
of  the  Parent  Guarantor  (other  than  the  Borrower  and  the
Scandinavian  Principal Companies) in any case where  the  Parent
Guarantor's Board of Directors determines in good faith that such
termination  of corporate existence is in the best  interests  of
the  Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries taken as a  whole  and
where noncompliance will not have a Materially Adverse Effect  on
the  Parent  Guarantor and its Subsidiaries or any Loan  Document
(other  than  a Loan Document delivered by a Subsidiary  that  at
such  time is no longer a Principal Subsidiary, as determined  at
such  time);  provided, further that this Section 6(d)  shall  be
without  prejudice to the other provisions of this  Guaranty  and
the Credit Agreement.

      (e)   Books  and Access.  The Parent Guarantor  shall,  and
shall  cause  each of its Subsidiaries to, keep proper  books  of
record  and accounts in conformity with GAAP, and upon reasonable
notice  and  at  such reasonable times during the usual  business
hours   as   often   as  may  be  reasonably  requested,   permit
representatives  of the Agent, at its own initiative  or  at  the
request  of  any Bank, to make inspections of its Properties,  to
examine  its  books,  accounts and records and  make  copies  and
memoranda  thereof and to discuss its affairs and  finances  with
its officers or directors and independent public accountants.

      (f)   Maintenance of Properties, Etc.  The Parent Guarantor
shall  maintain and preserve, and cause each of its  Subsidiaries
to  maintain  and  preserve, all of their  respective  Properties
which  are used or useful in the conduct of its business in  good
working order and condition and, from time to time make or  cause
to  be  made  all appropriate repairs, renewals and replacements,
except  where  the  failure to do so would not  have  a  Material
Adverse Effect.

      (g)   Financial  Statements.  The  Parent  Guarantor  shall
furnish,  or cause to be furnished, to the Agent (with sufficient
copies for the Banks):

           (i) as soon as available but not later than fifty (50)
     days  after the close of each of the first three (3)  Fiscal
     Quarters  of  each  Fiscal  Year of  the  Parent  Guarantor,
     consolidated and consolidating balance sheets of the  Parent
     Guarantor and its Subsidiaries as at the end of such  Fiscal
     Quarter  and  the  related  consolidated  and  consolidating
     statements  of operations and the consolidated statement  of
     cash flows of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  for
     such Fiscal Quarter and (in the case of the second and third
     Fiscal  Quarters) for the period from the beginning  of  the
     then  current Fiscal Year to the end of such Fiscal Quarter,
     setting   forth  in  each  case  in  comparative  form   the
     consolidated  figures for the corresponding periods  of  the
     previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified
     by  a  Responsible Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor
     as fairly presenting, in accordance with GAAP, the financial
     condition  and results of operations of the Parent Guarantor
     and  its  Subsidiaries,  subject to changes  resulting  from
     normal  year-end audit adjustments; provided,  that  to  the
     extent  set forth therein and otherwise complying  with  the
     requirements  of  this  clause,  the  Parent  Guarantor  may
     satisfy  the requirements hereof by delivering its Form  10Q
     for the applicable period;

          (ii) (1) as soon as available but no later than ninety-
     five  (95) days after the close of each Fiscal Year  of  the
     Parent  Guarantor,  consolidated and  consolidating  balance
     sheets  of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  as  at
     the  end  of  such  year  and the related  consolidated  and
     consolidating statements of operations and the  consolidated
     statement of cash flows of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries
     for  such  year,  setting forth in each case in  comparative
     form  the  consolidated and consolidating  figures  for  the
     previous Fiscal Year, all in reasonable detail and certified
     in  the  case  of the consolidated financial  statements  by
     PriceWaterhouseCoopers  or  another   firm   of   nationally
     recognized  independent  public  accountants,  which  report
     shall  state  without qualification as to the scope  of  the
     audit   or  as  to  going  concern  that  such  consolidated
     financial  statements present fairly the financial  position
     and  the  results of operations as at the dates and for  the
     periods indicated in conformity with GAAP and that the audit
     by  such  accountants in connection with  such  consolidated
     financial statements has been made in accordance with  GAAS,
     (2)  as  soon  as available but not later than  one  hundred
     twenty (120) days after the close of each Fiscal Year of the
     Parent  Guarantor, a certificate from such  accounting  firm
     that  in the course of the regular audit of the business  of
     the  Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, which audit  was
     conducted  by such accounting firm in accordance with  GAAS,
     such   accounting  firm  reviewed  the  financial  covenants
     included  in Section 8 and such review disclosed no evidence
     that  an  Event of Default or Default has occurred based  on
     such  financial  covenants or, if in  the  opinion  of  such
     accounting  firm, such an Event of Default  or  Default  has
     occurred  and  is continuing, a statement as to  the  nature
     thereof; provided, that to the extent set forth therein  and
     otherwise  complying with the requirements of  this  clause,
     the Parent Guarantor may satisfy the requirements hereof  by
     delivering its Form 10K for the applicable period;

            (iii)   together  with  each  delivery  of  financial
     statements  of the Parent Guarantor pursuant to clauses  (i)
     and (ii) above and commencing with the Fiscal Quarter ending
     December  31,  1998, a certificate issued by  a  Responsible
     Financial  Officer of the Parent Guarantor (1) demonstrating
     compliance at the end of the accounting period described  in
     such  statements  with  the  financial  covenants  contained
     herein and (2) containing in reasonable detail the component
     figures contained in the respective total figures stated  in
     such certificate;

            (iv)   together  with  each  delivery  of   financial
     statements  of  the  Parent Guarantor and  its  Subsidiaries
     pursuant  to clauses (i) or (ii) above, and commencing  with
     the  Fiscal Quarter ending September 30, 1998, a certificate
     signed  by  a  Responsible Financial Officer of  the  Parent
     Guarantor  stating that (1) such officer  is  familiar  with
     both  this Guaranty and the business and financial condition
     of  the  Parent  Guarantor (2) that the representations  and
     warranties  set  forth  in Section 5  hereof  are  true  and
     correct   in   all   material  respects   as   though   such
     representations and warranties had been made by  the  Parent
     Guarantor  on and as of the date thereof (other  than  those
     that  are expressly stated to be made as of a certain date),
     and  (3) no Event of Default or Default has occurred and  is
     continuing or if an Event of Default or Default has occurred
     and  is continuing a statement as to the nature thereof, and
     whether or not the same shall have been cured;

          (v) together with each delivery of financial statements
     of  the  Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  pursuant  to
     clause  (ii)  above, a certificate signed by  a  Responsible
     Financial Officer of the Parent Guarantor stating that as of
     the  date  of  such certificate, the entities  listed  on  a
     schedule   attached  thereto  are  all  of   the   Principal
     Subsidiaries  in  existence  at such  time  (describing  any
     changes  in the entities constituting Principal Subsidiaries
     since the delivery of the last such certificate);

            (vi)   together  with  each  delivery  of   financial
     statements  of  the  Parent Guarantor and  its  Subsidiaries
     pursuant   to  clauses  (i)  or  (ii)  above,   a   schedule
     substantially  in  the  form  of Schedule  6(g)(vi)  hereto,
     certified  by a Responsible Financial Officer of the  Parent
     Guarantor, setting forth any changes in the outstanding long-
     term   indebtedness   of  the  Parent  Guarantor   and   its
     Subsidiaries  since  the  date of the  previously  delivered
     schedule.

            (vii)   together  with  each  delivery  of  financial
     statements  of the Parent Guarantor pursuant to clauses  (i)
     and  (ii)  above and commencing with the Fiscal Year  ending
     December  31,  1998, a report providing information  on  the
     status  of  actions  taken by the Parent Guarantor  and  its
     Subsidiaries  in order to comply with Section  6(l)  of  the
     Parent  Guaranty;  provided, that to the  extent  set  forth
     therein  and  otherwise complying with the  requirements  of
     this   clause,   the  Parent  Guarantor  may   satisfy   the
     requirements  hereof  by delivering its  Form  10K  for  the
     applicable period.

      (h)   Reporting  Requirements.  The Parent Guarantor  shall
furnish to the Agent for distribution to the Banks:

           (i)     from  time to time as the Agent may reasonably
     request,  copies  of  such statements,  lists  of  Property,
     accounts,  reports or information prepared  by  or  for  the
     Parent  Guarantor or within the Parent Guarantor's  control.
     In addition, the Parent Guarantor shall furnish to the Agent
     for  distribution  to the Banks, within  fifteen  (15)  days
     after  delivery thereof to the Parent Guarantor's  Board  of
     Directors,  copies of budgets and forecasts prepared  by  or
     for  the  Parent Guarantor or within the Parent  Guarantor's
     control  (including, without limitation, any such  accounts,
     reports,  information, final budgets and forecasts delivered
     to  the  Parent Guarantor's Board of Directors in connection
     with  a proposed Acquisition, except to the extent that  any
     such information about the company or product to be Acquired
     is  subject  to  a confidentiality agreement and  cannot  be
     properly disclosed);

           (ii)    promptly and in any event within  thirty  (30)
     days after the Parent Guarantor, any of its Subsidiaries  or
     any  ERISA Affiliate knows that any ERISA Event has occurred
     (other than a Reportable Event for which notice to the  PBGC
     is  waived),  a  written statement of  the  chief  financial
     officer or other appropriate officer of the Parent Guarantor
     describing  such ERISA Event and the action, if  any,  which
     the Borrower, any of its Subsidiaries or any ERISA Affiliate
     proposes  to  take with respect thereto, and a copy  of  any
     notice filed with the PBGC or the IRS pertaining thereto;

           (iii)   promptly and in any event within  thirty  (30)
     days  after  notice or knowledge thereof,  notice  that  the
     Parent  Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries becomes subject
     to  the  tax  on prohibited transactions imposed by  Section
     4975 of the Code, together with a copy of Form 5330;

           (iv)   promptly after the commencement thereof, notice
     of  all  actions, suits and proceedings before any court  or
     governmental  department, commission, board, bureau,  agency
     or   instrumentality,  domestic  or  foreign,   against   or
     affecting  the  Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries,
     in  which  there is a reasonable probability of  an  adverse
     decision which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

          (v)    promptly upon the Parent Guarantor or any of its
     Subsidiaries  learning of (i) any Event of  Default  or  any
     Default,  or  (ii)  any  Material Credit  Agreement  Change,
     telephonic  or telegraphic notice specifying the  nature  of
     such  Event of Default, Default or Material Credit Agreement
     Change,  including  the  anticipated effect  thereof,  which
     notice  shall be promptly confirmed in writing  within  five
     days;

           (vi)    promptly after the sending or filing  thereof,
     copies  of all reports which the Parent Guarantor  sends  to
     its  security holders generally, and copies of  all  reports
     and  registration statements which the Parent  Guarantor  or
     any  of  its  Subsidiaries  files with  the  Securities  and
     Exchange Commission or any national securities exchange;

           (vii)  promptly upon, and in any event within 30  days
     of, the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries learning
     of any of the following:

                     (1)  notice that any Property of the  Parent
          Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries is subject to  any
          Environmental  Liens individually or in  the  aggregate
          which would have a Material Adverse Effect;

                    (2) any proposed acquisition of stock, assets
          or real estate, or any proposed leasing of Property, or
          any  other action by the Parent Guarantor or any of its
          Subsidiaries in which there is a reasonable probability
          that  the  Parent Guarantor or any of its  Subsidiaries
          would   be   subject  to  any  material   Environmental
          Liabilities and Costs, provided, that, in the event  of
          any  such  proposed  acquisition or lease,  the  Parent
          Guarantor must furnish to the Agent evidence in a  form
          acceptable  to the Agent that the proposed  acquisition
          will not have a Material Adverse Effect;

            (viii)      prior   to  the  effectiveness   thereof,
     information   relating  to  any  proposed  change   in   the
     accounting  treatment or reporting practices of  the  Parent
     Guarantor and its Subsidiaries the nature or scope of  which
     materially affects the calculation of any component  of  any
     financial  covenant,  standard or  term  contained  in  this
     Guaranty; and

           (ix)    prior to the Parent Guarantor, or any  of  its
     Subsidiaries,  (i) entering into any agreement  relating  to
     the  sale of, or the granting of a Lien on, assets having  a
     fair  market value of $10,000,000 or more, or (ii) incurring
     Indebtedness pursuant to a single transaction the  aggregate
     principal amount of which is $10,000,000 or more, the Parent
     Guarantor  shall  give  the Agent 15  days'  notice  of  its
     intention to enter into such an agreement; and

           (x)     from time to time, such other information  and
     materials  as the Agent (or the Banks through the Agent  may
     reasonably request.

      (i)   Additional  Credit  Support  Documents.   The  Parent
Guarantor  shall deliver, or shall cause to be delivered,  within
five  (5) Business Days of delivery to the Agent of a certificate
pursuant  to Section 6(g)(v) hereof, in respect of each Principal
Subsidiary,   disclosed  on  the  schedule   attached   to   such
certificate (a) a Subsidiary Guaranty duly executed by each  such
Principal Subsidiary or (b) if any such Principal Subsidiary is a
Non-U.S.  Subsidiary,  a Pledge Agreement duly  executed  by  the
Shareholders  of  such Non-U.S. Subsidiary; provided,  that  this
Section  (i)  shall not apply to any Principal Subsidiary  as  to
which  there  already  is  at  such  time  a  valid  and  binding
Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement (as the case may be).

      (j)  Delivery of Opinions.  Concurrently with the execution
and  delivery of any additional Credit Support Documents pursuant
to  Section  6(i) hereof, the Parent Guarantor shall deliver,  or
shall  cause to be delivered, to the Agent an opinion of  counsel
relating  to such additional Credit Support Document in form  and
substance  substantially  similar to  the  opinions  rendered  in
connection with comparable agreements on the Effective Date.

     (k)  Stock Exchange Listing.  The Parent Guarantor's Class A
common  stock shall at all times be listed on The New York  Stock
Exchange.

      (l) Year 2000 Compliance.  The Parent Guarantor shall take,
and  shall  cause each of its Subsidiaries to take, all necessary
action  to  complete in all material respects by the end  of  the
time  periods set forth in the Parent Guarantor's Form  10-Q  for
the Fiscal Quarter ended September 30, 1998, the reprogramming of
computer  software, hardware and firmware systems  and  equipment
containing  embedded microchips owned or operated by or  for  the
Parent  Guarantor and its Subsidiaries or used or relied upon  in
the  conduct  of their business (including systems and  equipment
supplied  by  others  or with which such systems  of  the  Parent
Guarantor  or any of its Subsidiaries interface) as described  in
such Form 10-Q and required as a result of the Year 2000 Issue to
permit the proper functioning of such computer systems and  other
equipment  and the testing of such systems and equipment,  as  so
reprogrammed except to the extent that failure to so comply would
not  have a Material Adverse Effect. At the request of the  Bank,
the  Parent Guarantor shall provide, and shall cause each of  its
Subsidiaries to provide, to the Bank reasonable assurance of  its
compliance with the preceding sentence.

      (m)  Pari Passu Obligations.  The obligations of the Parent
Guarantor under this Agreement and the Notes do rank and will  at
all  time  rank at least pari passu  in priority of payment  with
all other present and future unsecured Indebtedness of the Parent
Guarantor.

      (n)  Appointment of Financial Adviser.  If at any time  the
Parent  Guarantor, in order to comply with Section  8(a)  hereof,
relies  on  proviso  (B) of such Section 8(a),  then  the  Parent
Guarantor  shall  promptly  retain  a  financial  adviser  or  an
investment  bank  (in  either case of internationally  recognized
standing)  to advise and assist the Parent Guarantor  in  raising
sufficient Equity to restore (i) the Equity Ratio to a minimum of
0.25:1 and (ii) the Adjusted Equity Ratio to a minimum of 0.30:1.
Copies  of the engagement letter pursuant to which such financial
adviser   or  investment  bank  is  retained  shall  be  promptly
delivered to each of the Banks.

      (o)   Corporate Headquarters.  The Parent Guarantor  shall,
and   shall  cause  the  Borrower  to,  maintain  dual  corporate
headquarters:  in  Oslo,  Norway through  Alpharma  A.S.  and  in
northern  New  Jersey (currently Fort Lee),  U.S.A.  through  the
Parent Guarantor.

      SECTION  7.   Negative Covenants.  So long as  any  of  the
Guaranteed  Obligations or any other amounts shall remain  unpaid
or any Bank shall have any Commitment under the Credit Agreement,
unless  otherwise agreed by the written consent of  the  Majority
Banks:

      (a)   Liens, Etc.  The Parent Guarantor shall not, directly
or  indirectly, create or suffer to exist, or permit any  of  its
Subsidiaries to create or suffer to exist, any Lien upon or  with
respect  to any of its Properties, whether now owned or hereafter
acquired, or assign, or permit any of its Subsidiaries to assign,
any  right  to receive income, in each case to secure or  provide
for  the  payment of any Indebtedness of any Person,  except  the
following (collectively, "Permitted Liens").

          (i) Liens created by the Loan Documents;

          (ii) Liens listed on Schedule 7(a)(ii) hereto;

           (iii)  Liens  securing  a  tax,  assessment  or  other
     governmental  charge or levy or the claim of a  materialman,
     mechanic,  carrier,  warehouseman  or  landlord  for  labor,
     materials, supplies or rentals and any other statutory  lien
     (other than Environmental Liens), but only if (A) such  Lien
     was  incurred in the ordinary course of business and (B) the
     liability secured by such Lien (1) is not delinquent or  (2)
     is  being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings
     and  adequate reserves or other appropriate provisions  have
     been provided therefor in an amount not less than the amount
     required by GAAP;

           (iv)  Liens consisting of a deposit or pledge made  in
     the  ordinary course of business in connection with,  or  to
     secure  payment of, obligations under worker's compensation,
     unemployment insurance or similar legislation;

           (v) Liens constituting an encumbrance in the nature of
     zoning restrictions, easements and rights or restrictions of
     record  on  the use of real property that does  not  have  a
     materially  adverse effect on the Parent  Guarantor  or  its
     Subsidiaries;

          (vi)  Liens of landlords or of mortgagees of  landlords
     arising by operation of law or pursuant to the terms of real
     property  leases, provided that the rental payments  secured
     thereby are not yet due and payable;

          (vii) Any interest or title of a lessor under any lease
     entered  into  by  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  any  of   its
     Subsidiaries  in  the ordinary course of  its  business  and
     covering only the assets so leased;

          (viii)  Liens to secure the performance of bids,  trade
     contracts  (other than for borrowed money), obligations  for
     utilities  leases, statutory obligations, surety and  appeal
     bonds,  performance bonds and other obligations  of  a  like
     nature incurred in the ordinary course of business;

          (ix)  judgment  or  other  similar  Liens  arising   in
     connection with legal proceedings, provided that there shall
     be no period of more than 15 consecutive days during which a
     stay of enforcement of the related judgment shall not be  in
     effect


      (b)   Mergers.   The Parent Guarantor shall  not  merge  or
consolidate in any transaction in which it or the Borrower is not
the  surviving Person.  The Parent Guarantor shall  not,  without
the consent of the Majority Banks, permit any of its Subsidiaries
to  merge  or  consolidate  in  any  transaction  in  which  such
Subsidiary  is not the surviving Person other than in mergers  of
any   Subsidiary  (other  than  the  Borrower)  into  the  Parent
Guarantor,  the Borrower or any other wholly owned Subsidiary  of
the  Parent Guarantor or the Borrower that is incorporated in the
U.S.;  provided,  that  with respect  to  mergers  in  which  the
surviving  entity  is not the Parent Guarantor or  the  Borrower,
then  the  Parent Guarantor shall cause such surviving entity  to
deliver a Subsidiary Guaranty if immediately after the merger the
surviving entity is a Principal Subsidiary (as determined at such
time)  in  respect of which there is not, at such time, a  valid,
legal and binding Subsidiary Guaranty or Pledge Agreement.

      (c)   Substantial Asset Sale.  The Parent  Guarantor  shall
not,  and  shall  not  permit any of its Subsidiaries  to,  sell,
lease,  transfer  or otherwise dispose of all or any  substantial
part  of its or their assets  (including any of the stock of  the
Scandinavian  Principal Companies owned by it  or  them),  except
that this Section 7(c) shall not apply to (i) any disposition  of
assets  (A)  in  the  ordinary course  of  business  or  (B)  any
disposition of assets (other than assets consisting of the  stock
of  the  Scandinavian Principal Companies or assets owned by  the
Scandinavian  Principal Companies) (I) to the  Parent  Guarantor,
the  Borrower  or any Principal Subsidiary (in respect  of  which
there  is  in  existence  a legal, valid and  binding  Subsidiary
Guaranty or Pledge Agreement) or (II) where the proceeds of  such
disposition  (x)  consist solely of cash or Cash Equivalents  and
(y)  the  Net Cash Proceeds of such disposition are first applied
towards   the  prepayment  of  any  Loans  then  outstanding   in
accordance with Section 5.4(a) of the Credit Agreement; provided,
that for purposes of this Section 7(c), any such prepayment shall
be  effected  on  the next succeeding day on  which  an  interest
payment  is  due  in  respect of the  Loan  being  prepaid  after
consummation of the asset sale, and if such day is not  the  last
day  of the Interest Period in respect of the Loan or Loans being
prepaid,  the Borrower shall continue to be liable for any  costs
or  expenses pursuant to Section 12.4(c) or (ii) the contribution
by  Wade  Jones Company, Inc., a Texas corporation,  an  indirect
wholly-owned  Subsidiary of the Parent Guarantor ("Wade  Jones"),
of  assets relating to the distribution activities of Wade  Jones
in  connection  with  the  formation of  Wynco,  LLC,  a  limited
liability   company,  among  Wade  Jones,   G&M   Animal   Health
Distributors, Inc., a corporation duly organised under the  State
of  Arkansas,  and  T&H  Distributors, LLC,  a  Delaware  limited
liability company.

      (d)   Transactions with Affiliates.  The  Parent  Guarantor
shall  not engage in, and will not permit any of its Subsidiaries
to  engage  in, any transaction with an Affiliate of  the  Parent
Guarantor  or of such Subsidiary other than transactions  in  the
ordinary  course of business between a Subsidiary and its  parent
or  among Subsidiaries of the Parent Guarantor that are on  terms
no  less  favorable to the Parent Guarantor or such  Subsidiaries
than   as   would   be  obtained  in  a  comparable   arms-length
transaction.

      (e)   Activities. The Parent Guarantor shall not engage  in
any   business  activities,  own  any  Properties  or  incur  any
obligations or Indebtedness other than (a) as contemplated by the
Loan   Documents,  (b)  the  ownership  of  the  Equity  of   its
Subsidiaries  and  of  the real estate and  improvements  thereon
relating  to  its  manufacturing  facility  in  Chicago  Heights,
Illinois  ,  (c) business activities, the ownership of Properties
and  the  incurrance of obligations or Permitted Indebtedness  in
connection  with the operation of its animal health business  and
(d) the incurrance of obligations in connection with the guaranty
or similar assurance of payment or performance of the obligations
or  Permitted Indebtedness of its Subsidiaries; provided that  in
the case of the foregoing sub-clauses (c) or (d) only so long  as
such  business activities or obligations do not violate any other
provision of this Guaranty or any other Loan Document.
      (f)   Restrictions on Indebtedness.  (i) Subject to  clause
(ii)  below, the Parent Guarantor shall not incur, and shall  not
permit  its  Subsidiaries  to  incur,  Indebtedness  except   the
following (collectively, "Permitted Indebtedness"):

          (A) Indebtedness under the Loan Documents;

           (B)  Any Indebtedness incurred by the Parent Guarantor
     or  the Borrower (but not any other Subsidiary of the Parent
     Guarantor)   if  prior  to,  and  immediately   after,   the
     incurrence  thereof, the Senior Ratio is equal  to  or  less
     than 3.5;

           (C)  Subordinated Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor
     or the Borrower; or

          (D) Permitted Intercompany Indebtedness;

           (E)  Indebtedness  incurred pursuant  to  a  Permitted
     Credit  Line up to an aggregate principal amount which  does
     not  exceed  the  principal  amount  disclosed  on  Schedule
     7(f)(i)(E) hereto under the heading "Total Permitted  Credit
     Line"; or

           (F)  Indebtedness  of  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  the
     Borrower  under Swap Agreements entered into in the ordinary
     course of business with any Bank.

provided,   that   prior  to  the  incurrence   of   Subordinated
Indebtedness, the Agent shall have received an opinion of counsel
relating  to such Subordinated Indebtedness and stating  that  in
the  opinion of such counsel the Indebtedness of the Loan Parties
under  the  Loan  Documents  is senior  indebtedness  within  the
meaning of such term (or a term analogous thereto) as used in the
terms and provisions relating to such Subordinated Indebtedness.

       (ii)   Notwithstanding  clause  (i)  above,  no  Permitted
Indebtedness  may be incurred unless (A) the Parent Guarantor  or
the Borrower shall have given the Agent at least 7 Business Days'
prior  notice  of  the  intention to incur such  Indebtedness  in
accordance with the terms hereof and (B) if the principal  amount
of  such  Indebtedness is $1,000,000 or more, the Person to  whom
the  debtor  in respect of such  Indebtedness shall be  obligated
becomes  a  party to the Intercreditor Agreement  (unless  it  is
already  a  party  to  such agreement); provided,  however,  that
clause (B) hereof shall not apply to (1) Subordinated Debt or (2)
Indebtedness that is otherwise Permitted Indebtedness and that is
issued  pursuant to a (x) registration statement filed  with  the
Securities  and  Exchange Commission or (y) a  private  placement
with  institutional investors.  In the case  of  such  a  private
placement  with institutional investors, the Parent Guarantor  or
the Borrower shall use its reasonable best efforts to ensure that
the  institutional  investors in such  private  placement  become
parties to the Intercreditor Agreement.

      (iii)  The Parent Guarantor shall not, and shall not permit
any  of  its Subsidiaries to, make any voluntary pre-payments  of
principal  in  respect of Subordinated Indebtedness  so  long  as
there  are any amounts outstanding under the Loan Documents.  For
the  avoidance of doubt, the parties agree that this clause (iii)
shall   not   restrict  payments  of  principal  in  respect   of
Subordinated  Indebtedness  so  long  as  (A)  such  Subordinated
Indebtedness  is  evidenced  by  convertible  bonds,   notes   or
debentures, (B) such payment is being made in connection with the
exercise   by  the  issuer  thereof  of  the  conversion   option
applicable  to  such  Indebtedness at a time when the  conversion
option  applicable to such Indebtedness is at a price lower  than
the  then  present  market price of the  security  issuable  upon
conversion,  (C) such payment is not being made any earlier  than
three  years  from the date of issuance of such Indebtedness  and
(D)  the  Majority  Banks have consented to such  payment  (which
consent shall not be unreasonably withheld).

      SECTION  8.  Financial Covenants.  As long as  any  of  the
Guaranteed Obligations shall remain unpaid or any Bank shall have
any  Commitment  under  the  Credit Agreement,  unless  otherwise
agreed by the written consent of the Majority Banks:

      (a)   Minimum Equity Ratio.  The Equity Ratio of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries shall not at any time be less than
(i) 0.2:1, from the Agreement Date through December 31, 1998, and
(ii)  0.3:1  thereafter; provided, however, (A) if  at  any  time
after December 31, 1998 the Adjusted Equity Ratio is equal to  or
greater than 0.3:1, then the Equity Ratio during any such  period
shall  not at any time be less than 0.25:1 and provided, further,
(B) if prior to December 31, 1999 the Parent Guarantor or any  of
its  Subsidiaries makes a Significant Acquisition, then from  the
Significant Acquisition Date through the earlier of (x) June  30,
2000   and   (y)  six  (6)  months  after  such  transaction   is
consummated,  during  any period for which  the  Adjusted  Equity
Ratio  is equal to or greater than 0.3:1, the Equity Ratio  shall
for  such period not be less than 0.20:1.  For purposes  of  this
Section  8(a),  the "Adjusted Equity Ratio" shall  mean,  at  any
time, the ratio of (A) the sum of (I) the Net Worth of the Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis plus  (II)
50%   of   the   aggregate  principal  amount   of   Subordinated
Indebtedness outstanding at such time to (B) the total  value  of
the  assets  of  the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  on  a
consolidated basis as shown on the Parent Guarantor's  then  most
recent quarterly consolidated balance sheet.

      (b)   Total Indebtedness to EBITDA.  The ratio of (i) Total
Indebtedness to (ii) EBITDA as at the last day of any  period  of
four  consecutive Fiscal Quarters of the Parent  Guarantor  shall
not  be  less  than (A) 5.50:1, from the Agreement  Date  through
December  31,  2000,  (B) 5.25:1, from January  1,  2001  through
December  31, 2001, and (C) 5.00:1 thereafter; provided, however,
that if prior to December 31, 2000 the Parent Guarantor or any of
its  Subsidiaries makes a Significant Acquisition, then the ratio
of Total Indebtedness to EBITDA shall not be less than 6.0:1 from
the  Significant  Acquisition Date through  the  earlier  of  (x)
December  31,  2000  and  (y) eighteen  (18)  months  after  such
transaction is consummated.

      (c)   Interest Coverage Ratio.  The ratio of (i) EBITDA  to
(ii)  Total  Interest Expense for any period of four  consecutive
Fiscal  Quarters of the Parent Guarantor shall not be  less  than
(A)  2.25:1, from the Agreement Date through December  31,  2000,
(B)  2.50:1, from January 1, 2001 through December 31, 2001,  and
(C)  3.00:1  thereafter;  provided, however,  that  if  prior  to
December 31, 2000 the Parent Guarantor or any of its Subsidiaries
makes  a  Significant Acquisition, then the ratio  of  EBITDA  to
Total  Interest  Expense shall not be less than  2.0:1  from  the
Significant Acquisition Date through the earlier of (x)  December
31,  2000 and (y) eighteen (18) months after such transaction  is
consummated.

      SECTION  9.   Payments and Computations.  (a)   The  Parent
Guarantor  shall  make each payment payable by it  hereunder  not
later  than 11:00 A.M. (New York City time) on the day when  due,
in  Dollars, to the Agent at its address referred to  in  Section
12.2  of  the  Credit  Agreement in immediately  available  funds
without  set-off or counterclaim, for the account of the  several
Banks.

      (b)   No  Reductions.  (i) Subject to Section 9(b)(ii)  and
(iii),  payments due to the Agent, the Arranger, the  Co-Arranger
or any Bank hereunder, and all other terms, conditions, covenants
and  agreements  to  be  observed and  performed  by  the  Parent
Guarantor hereunder, shall be made, observed or performed by  the
Parent  Guarantor without any reduction or deduction  whatsoever,
including any reduction or deduction for any set-off, recoupment,
counterclaim (whether sounding in tort, contract or otherwise) or
Tax.

      (ii)(x) If any withholding or deduction from any payment to
be  made  by the Parent Guarantor hereunder is required  for  any
Taxes  under  any  applicable law, rule or regulation,  then  the
Parent Guarantor will

           (A)     pay  directly to the relevant taxing authority
     the full amount required to be so withheld or deducted;

           (B)     promptly  forward  to the  Agent  an  official
     receipt  or  other documentation satisfactory to  the  Agent
     evidencing such payment to such authority; and

           (C)     pay to the Agent for the account of the  Banks
     such  additional amount or amounts necessary to ensure  that
     the net amount actually received by each Bank will equal the
     full  amount  such  Bank would have  received  had  no  such
     withholding or deduction been required.

      In addition, to the extent permitted by applicable law, the
Parent  Guarantor agrees to pay any present or  future  stamp  or
documentary taxes, excise or property taxes, or any other charges
or  similar levies which arise from any payment made hereunder or
from  the  execution, delivery or registration of,  or  otherwise
with respect to, this Guaranty or the Notes (hereinafter referred
to as "Other Taxes").

     Each Bank shall use its reasonable best efforts to designate
another of its then existing offices as its Lending Office if the
making  of such designation would, without any detrimental effect
to  such Bank (as determined by the Bank in its sole discretion),
avoid the need for, or reduce the amount of, such withholding  or
deduction from any payment to be made to such Bank by the  Parent
Guarantor hereunder required for any Taxes.

      The Parent Guarantor will indemnify each Bank and the Agent
for the full amount of Taxes or Other Taxes paid by such Bank  or
the  Agent  (as  the  case may be) and any  liability  (including
penalties,  interest  and  expenses) arising  therefrom  or  with
respect  thereto, whether or not such Taxes or Other  Taxes  were
correctly  or  legally asserted.  This indemnification  shall  be
made within 30 days from the date such Bank or the Agent (as  the
case may be) makes written demand therefor.

      If  the  Parent Guarantor fails to pay any Taxes  or  Other
Taxes  when due to the appropriate taxing authority or  fails  to
remit to the Agent, for the account of the respective Banks,  the
required  receipts  or other required documentary  evidence,  the
Parent Guarantor shall indemnify the Agent and the Banks for  any
incremental Taxes or Other Taxes, penalties, interest or expenses
that  may become payable by the Agent or any Bank as a result  of
any such failure.

      (y)   Notwithstanding subsection (x), the Parent  Guarantor
shall not be required to indemnify or pay additional amounts  for
or on account of:

      (A)  Taxes imposed on or measured by the net income of  the
Agent or any Bank or franchise Taxes imposed on the Agent or  any
Bank,  but  in  each  case  only to the  extent  imposed  by  the
jurisdiction  under the laws of which the Agent or such  Bank  is
organized  or  doing  business (other than as  a  result  of  the
transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or the Agent's or
any Bank's enforcement of its rights under any Loan Document)  or
any political subdivision or taxing authority thereof or therein,
or  by any jurisdiction in which the Agent or such Bank's lending
office  or principal executive office is located or any political
subdivision  or taxing authority thereof or therein  (except,  in
each  case, to the extent required by the following paragraph  to
make payments on a net after-tax-basis), or

      (B)   any Tax or Other Tax imposed by reason of either  (i)
the  failure  of  the certification made by a Bank  on  any  form
provided pursuant to Section 9(b)(iii) to be accurate and true in
all  material  respects unless any such failure  is  attributable
solely to a Change in Tax Law that occurs on or after the date on
which such form is provided by such Bank, or (ii) the failure  by
a  Bank to deliver to the Parent Guarantor (or the Borrower)  and
the Agent two duly completed and executed copies of IRS Form 1001
or  4224  (or successor applicable forms) in accordance with  the
second  sentence of Section 9(b)(iii), certifying that such  Bank
is entitled to receive payments under this Guaranty and the Loans
without  deduction  or withholding of any United  States  federal
income taxes, provided that this clause (B)(ii) will not apply if
such  failure is attributable solely to a Change in Tax Law  that
occurs on or after the date hereof.

      All  amounts  payable as additional amounts or  indemnities
pursuant  to this Section 9(b) shall include an amount  necessary
to  hold the Agent or the relevant Bank harmless on a net  after-
tax-basis  from and against all Taxes required to  be  paid  with
respect  to  or  as  a result of the payment of  such  additional
amount   or  indemnity  (including,  without  limitation,   Taxes
described in clause (A) of the preceding paragraph.)

     (iii)  Each Bank that is not a United States person (as such
term  is defined in Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code) agrees  that
it will, on or before the date that the Parent Guarantor delivers
this  Guaranty  (or, in the case of a Bank that  becomes  a  Bank
pursuant to an assignment described in Section 12.7 of the Credit
Agreement,  on  or  before the date that the  Agent  records  the
Notice  of  the Assignment and Acceptance by which it  becomes  a
Bank),  deliver  to the Parent Guarantor and the Agent  two  duly
completed  and  executed  copies of IRS  Form  1001  or  4224  or
successor applicable form, as the case may be, certifying in each
case that such Bank is entitled to receive payments payable to it
under   this   Guaranty  and  the  Loans  without  deduction   or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes.  Each Bank
that  undertakes to deliver to the Parent Guarantor and the Agent
an  IRS  Form  1001 or 4224 under the preceding sentence  further
undertakes  to deliver to the Agent and the Parent Guarantor  two
additional  duly completed and executed copies of  Form  1001  or
4224  (or successor applicable forms) on or before the date  that
any such form expires or becomes obsolete or after the occurrence
of  any  event  requiring  a  change  in  the  most  recent  form
previously delivered by it to the Parent Guarantor and the Agent,
and  such  extensions or renewals thereof as  may  reasonably  be
required  by the Parent Guarantor, certifying, in the case  of  a
Form 1001 or 4224, that such Bank is entitled to receive payments
under   this   Guaranty  and  the  Loans  without  deduction   or
withholding of any United States federal income taxes, unless, in
any  such  case,  an  event (including, without  limitation,  any
Change in Tax Law) has occurred before the date on which any such
delivery would otherwise be required which renders all such forms
inapplicable  or which causes such Bank to be no longer  eligible
to  complete  and deliver any such form with respect  to  it,  in
which  case  the  Bank  shall either (1) furnish  to  the  Parent
Guarantor such forms or other certification as the Bank  (in  its
sole  opinion)  is  legally entitled to  furnish  evidencing  the
Bank's  eligibility for a complete exemption from  or  a  reduced
rate of withholding of United States federal income taxes, or (2)
notify  the  Parent  Guarantor that the Bank is  not  capable  of
receiving payments without any deduction or withholding of United
States federal income tax.

      SECTION 10.  Addresses for Notices.  All notices and  other
communications  provided  for  hereunder  shall  be  in   writing
(including  telegraphic  or telecopy communication)  and  mailed,
telegraphed, telecopied or delivered, if to the Parent Guarantor,
addressed  to  it  at One Executive Drive, Fort Lee,  New  Jersey
07024, Tel: (201) 947-7774, Fax: (201) 947-0795 Attention: Albert
N.  Marchio, II, Treasurer, if to the Agent, addressed to  it  at
the  address  specified in the Credit Agreement, or  as  to  each
party  at such other address as shall be designated by such party
in  a written notice to each other party complying as to delivery
with  the  terms  of  this Section.  All such notices  and  other
communications  shall, when mailed or telegraphed,  respectively,
be  effective  when deposited in the mails or  delivered  to  the
telegraph  company,  respectively, addressed  as  aforesaid,  and
shall, when delivered or telecopied, be effective when received.

     SECTION 11.  No Waiver; Remedies.  No failure on the part of
any Guaranteed Party to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any
right hereunder shall operate as a waiver thereof; nor shall  any
single  or  partial exercise of any right hereunder preclude  any
other  or  further exercise thereof or the exercise of any  other
right.   The  remedies  herein provided are  cumulative  and  not
exclusive of any remedies provided by law.

      SECTION  12.   Right of Set-off.  Upon the  occurrence  and
during the continuance of any Event of Default (as defined in the
Credit Agreement), each Bank is hereby authorized at any time and
from  time  to time, to the fullest extent permitted by  law,  to
set-off and apply any and all deposits (general or special,  time
or  demand,  provisional or final) at any  time  held  and  other
indebtedness at any time owing by such Bank to or for the  credit
or the account of the Parent Guarantor against any and all of the
obligations  of  the  Parent Guarantor now or hereafter  existing
under  this  Guaranty, irrespective of whether or not  such  Bank
shall have made any demand under this Guaranty.  Each Bank agrees
promptly  to  notify the Parent Guarantor after any such  set-off
and  application made by such Bank; provided, however,  that  the
failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such
set-off  and  application.  The rights of each  Bank  under  this
Section  are in addition to other rights and remedies (including,
without limitation, other rights of set-off) which such Bank  may
have.

      SECTION  13.   Continuing Guaranty; Transfer  of  Interest.
This  Guaranty is a continuing guaranty and shall (i)  remain  in
full  force and effect until indefeasible payment in full of  the
Guaranteed  Obligations and all other amounts payable under  this
Guaranty,  (ii)  be  binding  upon  the  Parent  Guarantor,   its
successors  and  permitted  assigns,  provided  that  the  Parent
Guarantor  may  not assign or transfer its obligations  hereunder
without the consent of the Majority Banks, and (iii) inure to the
benefit  of  and be enforceable by any Guaranteed Party  and  its
respective successors, transferees, and assigns, without limiting
the generality of the foregoing clause (iii), any Bank may assign
or  otherwise  transfer  all  or  any  part  of  its  rights  and
obligations  under the Credit Agreement in accordance  therewith,
and  such  other person or entity shall thereupon  become  vested
with  all  the  rights in respect thereof granted  to  such  Bank
herein  or  otherwise,  subject, however, to  the  provisions  of
Article XII of the Credit Agreement.

      SECTION 14.  Reinstatement.  This Guaranty shall remain  in
full  force  and effect and continue to be effective  should  any
petition be filed by or against any Loan Party (as defined in the
Credit  Agreement) for liquidation or reorganization, should  any
Loan Party become insolvent or make an assignment for the benefit
of creditors or should a receiver or trustee be appointed for all
or any significant part of any Loan Party's assets, and shall, to
the fullest extent permitted by law, continue to be effective  or
be  reinstated,  as the case may be, if at any time  payment  and
performance  of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any part  thereof,
is,  pursuant to applicable law, rescinded or reduced in  amount,
or  must otherwise be restored or returned by any obligee of  the
Guaranteed  Obligations,  whether  as  a  "voidable  preference",
"fraudulent conveyance", or otherwise, all as though such payment
or performance had not been made.  In the event that any payment,
or   any  part  thereof,  is  rescinded,  reduced,  restored,  or
returned, the Guaranteed Obligations shall, to the fullest extent
permitted by law, be reinstated and deemed reduced only  by  such
amount paid and not so rescinded, reduced, restored or returned.

      SECTION  15.  Defined Terms.  (a) As used in this Guaranty,
the following terms have the following meanings (such meanings to
be  equally applicable to both the singular and plural  forms  of
the terms defined):

     "Adjusted Equity Ratio" has the meaning specified in Section
8(a).

      "Current  Assets"  means, at any time,  as  to  the  Parent
Guarantor  and its Subsidiaries, the consolidated current  assets
of  the  Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries for the then  most
recently ended Fiscal Quarter, as shown on the Parent Guarantor's
then most recent consolidated balance sheet at such time.

      "Current  Liabilities"  of the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries  means,  at any time, (a) the  consolidated  current
liabilities of the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries plus (b)
to the extent not included in (a), the current liabilities of any
Person   (other  than  the  Parent  Guarantor  or  any   of   its
Subsidiaries) that are guaranteed by the Parent Guarantor or  any
of  its  Subsidiaries, in each case for the  then  most  recently
ended Fiscal Quarter as shown on the Parent Guarantor's then most
recent consolidated balance sheet at such time.

      "Earnings  from  Operations" means, at any time,  operating
income  for  the  Parent  Guarantor and  its  Subsidiaries  on  a
consolidated basis as set forth in the consolidated statement  of
income  of  the  Parent  Guarantor and its Subsidiaries  for  the
immediately preceding four consecutive Fiscal Quarters  (or  such
fewer  number of consecutive Fiscal Quarters as shall have  ended
immediately  following the Effective Date)  for  which  financial
statements  have been delivered to the Banks pursuant to  Section
6(g)  of  this  Guaranty; provided, however, that if  the  Parent
Guarantor   or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  makes  a  Significant
Acquisition, then there shall be in the foregoing calculation  of
EBIT  the  EBIT  attributable to the product or product  line  so
acquired.

      "EBIT"  means,  at any time, an amount  equal  to  (a)  the
consolidated  net  income  of  the  Parent  Guarantor   and   its
Subsidiaries  before  interest expense and  provision  for  taxes
(excluding extraordinary gains and losses and gains from sales of
assets  other than sales of inventory in the ordinary  course  of
business),  in each case determined in accordance with  GAAP  for
the  immediately preceding four consecutive Fiscal  Quarters  (as
shown on the Parent Guarantor's consolidated financial statements
and  other  reports, statements, budgets and forecasts,  if  any,
most recently delivered to the Agent);

      "EBITDA" means, for any period, an amount equal to (a)  the
consolidated  net  income  of  the  Parent  Guarantor   and   its
Subsidiaries plus, to the extent deducted in computing  such  net
income,   interest expense and provision for taxes plus  (b)  the
amount  of all amortization of intangibles and depreciation  that
were deducted in arriving at such amount minus (c) the amount  of
all non-cash gains that were added in arriving at such amount, in
each case determined in accordance with GAAP for such period  (as
shown   on   the  Parent  Guarantor's  most  recent  consolidated
financial statements delivered to the Agent); provided,  however,
that  extraordinary  gains and losses and  gains  from  sales  of
assets  other than sales of inventory in the ordinary  course  of
business  shall  be  excluded  from  the  calculation   of   such
consolidated  net income; provided further, that  if  the  Parent
Guarantor   or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  makes  a  Significant
Acquisition  during such period, then there shall be included  in
the  foregoing calculation of EBITDA the EBITDA of  the  acquired
Person  and/or the EBIT attributable to the acquired  product  or
product  line,  as  the case may be, for such  period;  provided,
further,  that subject to the consent of the Banks  (which  shall
not  be  unreasonably  withheld),  the  following  items  may  be
excluded   from  the  calculation  of  EBITDA  for  purposes   of
calculating  the  Margin  Ratio under the  Credit  Agreement  and
compliance  with  Sections 7(f)(i)(B),  8(b)  and  8(c)  of  this
Guaranty: (i) one time charges resulting from reorganizations  of
the  Parent  Guarantor and/or both existing and new Subsidiaries,
(ii)  gains and/or losses from the sale of a business  and  (iii)
one  time  charges in connection with an acquisition  as  may  be
required  in  accordance with GAAP (and,  for  the  avoidance  of
doubt, the Banks have consented to the exclusion of the one  time
charge  relating  to  the acquisition of  Arthur  H.  Cox  &  Co.
Limited,   a   U.K.  company,  and  English  company,   and   its
Subsidiaries from the calculation of EBITDA as aforesaid).

      "Equity Ratio" means, at any time, the ratio of (a) the Net
Worth  of  the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries to  (b)  the
total  value  of  the  assets of the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries as shown on the Parent Guarantor's then most  recent
quarterly consolidated balance sheet.

      "Net  Worth" means, at any time, as to the Parent Guarantor
and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis, the excess of total
assets over total liabilities, as shown on the Parent Guarantor's
then most recent consolidated balance sheet.

     "Permitted Credit Lines" means the lines of credit available
to  the Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries that are listed  on
Schedule 7(f)(i)(E) hereto.

      "Permitted  Indebtedness"  has  the  meaning  specified  in
Section 7(a).

     "Permitted Liens" has the meaning specified in Section 7(a).

      "Permitted  Intercompany Indebtedness"  means  Indebtedness
incurred  by  the  Parent Guarantor, the Borrower,  a  Subsidiary
Guarantor  or  a  Pledged  Subsidiary and  owing  to  the  Parent
Guarantor,  the  Borrower, a Subsidiary Guarantor  or  a  Pledged
Subsidiary (as the case may be).

      "Senior  Ratio"  means  at any time  the  sum  of  (a)  the
aggregate  principal  amount of all Senior Indebtedness  at  such
time outstanding divided by (b) EBITDA at such time.

      "Senior Indebtedness" means all Indebtedness of the  Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis other than
Subordinated Indebtedness.

     "Significant Acquisition" means an acquisition (whether in a
single  transaction or in a series of transactions  over  any  12
month  period)  of  Equity or assets having a fair  market  value
greater than $50,000,000 in the aggregate.

      "Significant  Acquisition Date" means, with  respect  to  a
Significant  Acquisition,  the  date  on  which  the  transaction
involving  such  Significant Acquisition  (or,  if  a  series  of
transactions,  the  first transaction in which  the  fair  market
value   of  the  Acquisition  when  aggregated  with  all   other
acquisitions during such 12 month period exceeded $50,000,000) is
consummated.

       "Subordinated  Indebtedness"  means,  as  to  the   Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries, Indebtedness that (a) is  subject
to  subordination terms that are no less favorable to  the  Banks
than  those contained in Exhibit A hereto and that are  otherwise
satisfactory to the Agent and (b) does not commence  to  amortize
or  otherwise  require  any mandatory installments  of  principal
until six months after the Termination Date.

      "Total  Capital"  means, at any  time,  as  to  the  Parent
Guarantor and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis,  the  sum
for  the  Parent Guarantor and its Subsidiaries of (a) Net  Worth
plus (b) Subordinated Indebtedness.

      "Total  Interest Expense" means, for any period,  the  cash
interest  expense  incurred  by  the  Parent  Guarantor  and  its
Subsidiaries,  on  a  consolidated basis, for  such  period  with
respect  to  the aggregate amount of all Indebtedness outstanding
during  such  period;  provided,  however,  that  if  the  Parent
Guarantor   or  any  of  its  Subsidiaries  makes  a  Significant
Acquisition  during such period, then there shall be included  in
the  foregoing  calculation of Total Interest Expense  the  Total
Interest Expense of the acquired Person and/or the Total Interest
Expense attributable to the acquired product or product line,  as
the case may be, for such period.

      "Total  Indebtedness"  means, at any  time,  the  aggregate
principal amount of Indebtedness of the Parent Guarantor and  its
Subsidiaries (on a consolidated basis) outstanding at such time.

      "Year  2000 Issue" means the failure of computer  software,
hardware  and firmware systems and equipment containing  embedded
computer   chips   to   properly  receive,   transmit,   process,
manipulate,  store, retrieve, re-transmit or  in  any  other  way
utilize  data and information due to the occurrence of  the  year
2000 or the inclusion of dates on or after January 1, 2000.

      (b)   Any  terms  used in this Guaranty and  not  otherwise
defined are used with the meaning ascribed thereto in the  Credit
Agreement.

     SECTION 16.  GOVERNING LAW.  THIS GUARANTY SHALL BE GOVERNED
BY,  AND  CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAWS OF THE STATE  OF
NEW YORK.

      SECTION  17.   WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL.  THE PARENT  GUARANTOR
IRREVOCABLY  WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY  ACTION  OR
PROCEEDING TO ENFORCE OR DEFEND ANY RIGHTS OR REMEDIES HEREUNDER,
UNDER  THE  CREDIT  AGREEMENT OR UNDER THE OTHER  LOAN  DOCUMENTS
RELATIVE TO EACH OF THE FOREGOING.


      IN  WITNESS  WHEREOF, the Parent Guarantor has caused  this
Guaranty  to  be  duly  executed and  delivered  by  its  officer
thereunto duly authorized as of the date first above written.

                                   ALPHARMA INC.



                                   By: _______________________
                                       Name:
                                       Title:
                                                    Schedule 5(k)



                          Subsidiaries


                                                    Schedule 5(l)



                     Principal Subsidiaries



     A.   Non-U.S.

          1.     Alpharma AS
          2.     Dumex-Alpharma A/S
          3.     Alpharma Holdings Limited


     B.   U.S.

          1.     Alpharma USPD Inc.
          2.     Alpharma U.K. Holding Inc.


                                                Schedule 6(g)(vi)


                     Long Term Indebtedness
                                
                        [To be attached]
                                                Schedule 7(a)(ii)



                        Permitted Liens


                                              Schedule 7(f)(i)(E)



                     Permitted Credit Lines

                        [To be attached.]


                                                      Exhibit A
                                                            to
                                                  Parent Guaranty



                      Subordination Terms


                       [To be attached.]

</TEXT>
</DOCUMENT>
</SEC-DOCUMENT>
-----END PRIVACY-ENHANCED MESSAGE-----
